# 2Saj5ntfXEA

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Saj5ntfXEA

---

Tik Tok and whatnot are monsters. Monsters. We did almost $200,000 in revenue in three hours. Please get serious about live social shopping. The QVC vacation of social media is here. It's coming and it's going to come harder. And by the way, this has been happening in China for 8 years. This is a big deal.

People need to learn about it. And I believe that it will be a substantial advancement of why we spend even more time on social media. I'm obsessed with trends. I think trends matter. I think I think trends are demonized in our industry because a lot of people want to be slow and I think a lot of people want to be industry centric not consumer centric. I think our industry a lot of people have demonized trends to try to claim that they are short-lived and not meaningful. But I think it's because we're overweight athletes that are retired. We don't want to play the speed game.

We don't want to play the real game. I think trends matter. I think relevance matters. I think a lot of brands need to figure out how to be authentically engaging with trends and I think it's a very important part of culture and pop culture and it's what leads to consideration for millions and billions of people around the world. And yes, sometimes it's for a little while and sometimes that trend becomes real and and becomes foundational. I remember when I was told sneakers in work environments were a trend. Just looking around real quick at your team that came here, you're all wearing sneakers. All of you, all three of you on your team would have worn dress shoes if this was happening in 1989.

Some version of it would have been inappropriate to wear sneakers. So sometimes trends become culture. And so I'm constantly looking at them because I look at trends as insights to what's happening with consumers. Why are we all cutting our hair? Why did we go from tight jeans to baggy jeans? Like, why? Why? Why?

And why usually sends you down a very good path of coming up with breakthrough work and marketing plans. And so, I laugh when people [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on trends, especially when I pay close attention to what they do for a living. They are always someone who's either lazy or tired. You like that one? I see it. It's so real. It's so real. Please don't cut this part out.

This industry needs to get real with itself. You know what my favorite part about this industry is? Is when we say that we set culture? Can Can we Can you clip this? Can we once and for all all agree? I'm just going to make this very clear. Your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 30 secondond TV spot that runs on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] midday television isn't doing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for culture. Can't wait to see which Super Bowl spot Super Bowl spot from this Super Bowl sets culture in 2025.

Our industry is delusional. It's lost its way. It's not 1964 anymore. We got to get our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] act together. Really great. Um, what's one myth about marketing, social marketing, and brand building that you want to bust aside from that? What? Yeah, that was it.

That's I really walked into that. I think the myth is that I think the thing that's very clear to me that I think is starting to gain momentum and I'm appreciative. I want By the way, all this like like energy I'm bringing, it's cuz I love our industry. It's cuz I don't want people to get fired. Like, does anybody know that there's a merger of two holding companies? Does anybody know there's rumors of other companies going private? Like, we're not winning. And like, what happens to a 48-year-old creative director that gets out of a job right now and can't find another one?

Like, I worry about our industry. Like, I'm going to be fine. Like, I worry about our industry. And so, the biggest myth is that I think most people who are watching this, if they're really deep stuck in the old world, think brand is built on a television spot. And I think brand is built in social, right? For example, I love authenticity. Right now, as I'm speaking, everybody behind the camera is worried about the sound that's coming outside the room. I don't think that sound outside the room is going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you up watching this.

That is what I believe. And what about your predictions for AI? Specifically, AI influencers and h how AI impacts social marketing. AI is going to impact life. like it. People are going to be marrying AI bots in like 30 years. So, yeah, I'm sorry. You might dump Lou for an AI human.

Um, AI is going to be a big deal. Um, and in fact, our industry, it's already affecting it. We're seeing creative be made for a lot less. That's very important. But to your question, I'm very obsessed with AI influencers. I think influencer marketing is a monster. And I think just as it's getting into its heyday, I see the next thing that's going to disrupt it, which is I'm predicting that the combination of what Disney does, right, intellectual property, Snow White, The Lion King, Cinderella, and what influencers do, Alex Earl, Mr. Beast, is going to come into one.

Fake people, AI people are going to be some of the biggest influencers in the world in 10 years. And companies and humans are going to own those people. And it's going to be huge. And there's going to be so many of them. There'll be more AI influencers than there are humans, meaning attempted AI influencers. In 1015 years, there'll probably be way more than 8 billion AI humans all trying to become influencers to monetize the way influencers do. And that's going to be fascinating to watch. And I think that is very clear to me that that's going to happen.

Scary. Okay, we have about eight more minutes. But you know what else is scary? What's scary is if your great great grandmother walked in right now. Yes. All of this. That's exactly right. A plane, a car, a television, an iPhone, the way we're dressed, societal norms, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] changes.

You recently talked about live social shopping and your predictions for that space. Can you tell us more about that? Thank you for giving me the platform for this because I'm going to clip this in six years and say I told you live social shopping is please, even if you're watching this to find something to make fun of me for because you want to raz me and don't like me, please get serious about live social shopping. The QVC evocation of social media is here. It's coming and it's going to come harder. And by the way, I'm not some genius or know what I'm like this has been happening in China for eight years. Tik Tok shop is a monster. Obviously a ban, but this is a global platform.

So it'll still be a whatnot is a standalone app that's doing serious numbers and I can't imagine Meta and YouTube just siting sitting idle and letting Tik Tok and startup apps take this market. You would be flabbergasted if you look at what's going on on Poshmark, you know, live on eBay Live, on Amazon Live, on but but some of those big ones like eBay and Amazon are still small because they haven't figured out their product. Tik Tok and whatnot are monsters. Monsters. Um, back to V friends. Just to give you context, let me make it very real. I did a threehour conference room sale for Ver selling hoodies and t-shirts and socks. We did almost $200,000 in revenue in three hours.

This is a big deal. People need to learn about it. And I believe that it will be a substantial advancement of why we spend even more time on social media. And to remind everybody, if they believe me, QVC and HSN still do staggering numbers. Staggering. On cable, selling ridiculous [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's going to be huge. What principles or mantras does your team have? What principles and mantras does our team have?

There's a lot. Um, I think the biggest one is underpriced and overpriced attention is a big conversation at Vayner. Like for example, I love doing TV commercials when it's the Super Bowl. I like doing social creative when it actually gets views. I love spending media dollars. We have a huge media department spending billions of dollars. I like to spend on actual reach, not potential reach. So, you know, we have a lot of like those nerdy business mantras.

I think organizationally, culturally, we have something called the honey empire that has really helped the company understand what we're about. We call Vayner the Honey Empire internally because we like to treat each other with honey over vinegar. It's a very big mantra here. Kindness matters. Kind cander if you have to deliver cander. Back to what I was talking about earlier. But we're also not an institution that is like a fifth generation, you know, hedge fund where we could just burn money. So, we want to build an empire.

And it really helps. It goes back to, you ask me what my mom taught me. She taught me purple. I think, you know, a lot of times employees within companies think the company's either too red or too blue, right? It's either delusional like we're saving the world when you're like selling like random [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or or it's like all about the bottom line and there's no humanity hence. By the way, I'm just going to go on a side tangent. We must eradicate crying at agency life. Like we got to get nicer.

Holding hoes. Come on. Get nicer. Anyway, um we're the honey empire. That's a mantra. We want to be honey over vinegar, which means a lot of humanity, a lot of kindness, a lot of feelings, good stuff, but don't go too far where it's delusional and ridiculous because we're building a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] empire. We want to kill everybody. Not really.

More like competition. You know what I mean, right? Like we want to win. And so we're excited about that. That works. Another big mantra internally for my leadership is I want wartime generals, not peaceime generals. What that means is of course everyone is happy on the team when everything is prosperous. when the money's flowing in and we're having fun and let's do the Super Bowl.

Show me what kind of leader you are once you become an SVP in this company when shit's hard. When the client is nasty as a leader, are you then passing that on to your team and scaring them or are you blocking that as a shield and making it safe for your team? I really love leaders that understand fear is not a motivator. And so I'm looking for wartime generals, people that can stand up and be the bigger person when it's hard, not when it's easy. Those are some of the things that really run our world. Amazing. And um how is Vayner Media unique? Vayner Media, especially in the landscape of our industry, is one independent and at scale, which is a rarity.

Um two has media and creative uh under one roof. So not in a holding company environment where they're separate companies and you create a team for a client like Vayner Media has hundreds and hundreds of employees both in media and creative and they work together every day. So we're dramatically more integrated. Uh Vayner Media is unique in that we are one of the stronger creative agencies in the world. Yet most of our industry doesn't think that. Um meaning we think in television commercial land in this industry. So though even though Vayner Media has done many I think 16 Super Bowl spots now in the last four or five or six years um we are often thought of as a social creative shop to many people on the other side of this camera which is exactly how we want it because we think social creative is actually the new creative AO and that's where brand is actually built and so I don't think anybody is as committed or as talented at the creative product in social. So, I think we're unique there.

We're unique that we're still founder even though we're thousands of employees globally. And so, and I'm a character. So, that creates a unique uh thing. I think I think I'm incredibly well parented. And my mother's my hero. So, I think we're unique in that people don't cry at Vayner Media the way they cry at most agencies. So, I think we have a better culture. I think we're unique.

Um, those are some things. Can you tell us about Vayner X and what makes Egg unique? Vayner X is pretty unique too. Vayner X is the holding company. Uh when we bought Gallery Media Group or purewow.com more specifically before we created other websites and properties and publishing. So right off the bat we were weird right when I started my holding company. I was agency which was already unique with media and creative and the first thing I added was not another agency like every other company in the history of the space. We added a publisher which was weird to begin with.

So that's unique and then we started creating other companies. A speaking bureau unique they are speakers. Um our production company within the holding company is very unique. In fact the name of our production company is Eva Nosadom which is Madison Avenue spelled backwards. Um we're unique in that we try to produce at a much lower cost. We think production's overpriced in advertising land. We produce with creative outputs for social along with the long form video. So, we're really proud of that company and Andrea, our new leader, who's been with us for a long time in the past in the UK and has come back home and is running everything globally is incredible.

Um, we we have a barter agency called Tingly Lane, which is named after the street I did my first lemonade stand in that we're excited about. Um, we we're really unique in that it's a it's a hodgepodge that's different than just a media and creative and maybe technology. Credit to Publix. I think they've done more tech, but you know, I think um I think that's what makes us unique. It's a it's an interesting series of companies all with the purpose to like get the thing done. You know, I'm very passionate and I'm very fortunate that I speak to CMOs all week long and they come in and you really never know where they're going or what they want, you know, or more importantly, I think one thing that makes Vayner X and Vayner Media very unique is that we are very convicted and have a lot of confidence. But I would argue we have a lot of humility. We say no a lot.

Not because we're cool, because we're not cool. We say no because we don't think we can do it well and we're scared shitless of ruining our brand. I don't need CMOs running around at can or at the Super Bowl being like, "Don't work with Gary. They stink." You know, and so I, you know, we've gotten a lot of compliments the last year of how often we say no or how often we bow out of an RFP or more importantly how often we don't even do RFPs. And so, um, yeah, the the the publishing, the speaking bureau, you know, those are some different elements. Our production company is different. Um, we have a company named after my father called the Sasha Group, which really services predominantly now private equityowned brands. So, I would call it the Fortune 5000 versus the Fortune 500.

And the Sasha Group is doing extremely well and we're proud of that. And so, yeah, it's definitely a little different than the other holding codes. Great. And what about V friends? Well, Vfriend Friends is a whole another animal altogether. What's really interesting is that, and thank you for allowing me to speak about V friends in this context. I think V friends in a lot of ways proves why I'm confident about what Vayner X does. Um, V friends is creative.

I am inventing and currently it's going quite well. A Pokemon, Disney, Marvel, Sesame Street like intellectual property that has a incredible kids book that is crushing. A YouTube kids show that is made by uh the people that make Coco Melon and Moon Bug with me in cahoots. um a Topps trading card that is coming out nationally this spring 2025. Um an NFT project that is one of the 15 NFD projects that's still doing incredibly well in a world where 99% went to zero. Um I'm going on an offsite next week to literally make music and comic books for this IP. I think it shows that our founder and our leader is inherently creative. One of the things that I hear from a lot of people in the industry over the last 15 years, especially when I'm a CAN, is like, "Gary, you're not about the work.

What they're really saying is," Gary, you don't respect TV commercials. And I say, "You're right, cuz they suck." Like this incredible company, you guys, you cover in your do magazine commercials that stink, that the industry talks about, but no human likes. I believe in creativity. I think creative is the variable of success. And V friends is my creative outlet because being an agency owner, we are at the mercy of the people that are signing the checks. I don't get to make the final calls. I have to service the client. I will fight like heck if I believe in something.

But at the end of the day, there's an old Russian saying that my dad told me a lot as a kid. It translates to whoever's paying for the music gets to pick the song. And I live that life. Even though I have convictions and passion, I am who I am. I have a lot of humility in that. like I'm the service provider to our CMOs and our brands and ultimately they get to make the pick. Thus, that waters down a lot of the creative things that I would hope to make that I'm sure a lot of creatives that are watching this can understand. V friends allows me to do it my way all the way.

And Gary Vee, my personal content has been a gift. I I wake up every morning to dozens, which is insane, texts, DMs, or emails of people thanking me for a video they just watched in the last 24 hours. And I'm proud of that. And that goes back to my mom and wanting to do the positive thing to not just for yourself, but help others. V friends allows me to do that to a younger demo. I was very affected when Tik Tok came out because my message started hitting 14 to 20 in a way that it hadn't before. And I realized, wow, you're molding people at 15 very differently than you are at 30, right? Old dogs, new tricks.

So, you're getting to them earlier. V friends allows the things that my mom taught me to spread to a much younger audience. And so, it's been really fruitful, really rewarding, and I'm excited about it. Can you just elaborate on what some of those things are that your mom taught you? My mom taught me purple. You know, I think the world right now is incredibly red and blue. And what my mother did, my mother is the sweetest, most empathetic, caring woman on earth. She could be tied with your mom, so don't be mad at me.

But she's right there. She's also a Soviet woman. You know, she was born in the USSR, grew up there, came to America when she was 20. I was born in the Soviet Union. So my mom doesn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around. Like all these kids, all your kids disrespecting you to your face. My mom doesn't play. I grew up in the 80s, too.

So that meant when I I never even thought about it because I was would never disrespect my mother. But the occasional time that she misinterpreted what I was doing as something disrespectful, it wasn't it wasn't like, "Oh, let's talk about this and have feelings." It was minimum grounding. And if she was really frustrated, it was a smack to the face. She didn't play. And so what my mom taught me was a lot of great things. One, she taught me accountability, which is a lost art in parenting. She taught me responsibility, but most of all, she taught me compassion, empathy, sympathy, and love. The level of the level that she would react.

I was naturally kind. I got very lucky with my DNA. A lot of it's my mom's DNA. So, I was naturally caring and empathetic to other people. But when I was, the way my mother championed my kind behavior, gave me trophies verbally for kind behavior reinforced me wanting to do it more. So, I came out with a lot of the good ingredients, but she cooked. She cooked it right. And she held me accountable.

I was a terrible student. Even though I knew that that wasn't what my self-esteem was and it wasn't wrapped up in it, when I got bad grades, she held me accountable. She never made me think I was dumb or that I wouldn't be successful with bad grades, but she held me accountable for not delivering good grades. So, there was consequences. She taught me there was consequences. She taught me there was no excuses. I was really good at baseball from second to fifth grade. Then, I didn't get strong or bigger fast enough.

Uh, and one time I struck out in a big spot and I came into the car after the game and I tried to blame the sun. It was in my eyes. She shut that down real quick and it was really powerful. You know, now you got parents like going to kids schools, fighting with teachers. She didn't fight my fights. She taught me so much. That was amazing. Um, kind of switching gears here.

Who are the types of partners or clients or brands uh your your companies find most essential? Um, and share some examples if you can. Clients, man, this is a great story. We were very fortunate. We one of the things I pride myself in is Vayner Media is only 15 years old and we have almost a hundred employees that have worked here for 10 years or more. This is family business and we have a similar thing with clients. We have a very good retention rate and I have a pretty good feel of what what kind of clients we like working with or or the kind of partners we're looking for. We're looking for people that are honest.

like this is all real stuff. Like as great as we are in my mind. Um we make so many mistakes. We're human. It is what it is. It's life. And so, you know, I think the thing that I've always struggled with is when people aren't upfront, you know, like getting caught off guard. Like having a meeting in September and everything's great and then like getting an email from that person saying we're not renewing in the upcoming year just feels not authentic.

And by the way, let me be very vulnerable. Cander for people I care about and like has actually been the kryptonite of my career. So I actually have never really gotten mad about it because I would be a hypocrite. But as I've changed my behavior over the last 5 to seven years and gotten much better at being able to deliver kind cander, you know, it it it makes me yearn for it on the other side. So I think authentic partnerships where you can talk about the good, the bad or the ugly I think is something we really look for. We also really look for people that are smart. We have a fun joke internally like we we we win with winners and we lose with losers. Like you know it's it what it refers to is we're different.

And I think a lot of agencies say it. It's been really fun. We're growing very fast. So we're hiring a lot of senior people right now. And I literally had drinks this Tuesday with three of three five people. We were very new and I was like so what's up and they were like you know what's up is when I was interviewing you with Gary because I tend to interview at that level you would talk about being different but that's what every agency has told us or me and uh this is the first time I feel it. We are religious about our craft but our craft is not the production value of a commercial. Our craft is knowing all the skills both quant and qua that are required to get creative and social to get organic views.

Very different a lot of science in our art. Um and so I think that we we are very unique and our clients sometimes sign up for us and then want us to be Droga or Mischief or Widen or Starcom or Social Code the next week. and we remind them you hired Veayner. And that's tough. I had a companywide meeting last week where I compared all of us in the company to chairs. I said, "You guys are all we're all being a bunch of chairs." And most of the company could tell by the chat, had no idea what I was saying, and I was slow playing it because I wanted to make a point. I said, "We at our worst are folding like cheap chairs when we get push back. when we know we're right.

I think we're looking for clients that have the appetite to deliver on the hyperbole that they tell us upfront. Clients and this for everybody who's in agency life watching this, you know this. Clients always tell us, "We want you to push us. You want We want you to push us. We [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] push." And a lot of times when we push, they don't like it. And so we're looking for clients that are open, who are curious, and who are finally ready to stopped acting like it's 1996, like and are finally willing to act like Don Draper is not the most handsome, even though he's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] handsome. And uh we're looking for them to understand the truth, which is our industry is often delusional and insular, and the real world is changing. And the reason so many brands took social inhouse is because big agencies couldn't deliver on social and we couldn't get to everyone.

And so if we don't bring value, we won't exist. And so we're looking for clients that are ready to live in the year that we actually live in. Um can you tell us a little bit about your founder journey and what prompted you to build your companies? Van's a fun story. The you know I was thinking about a lot of different things. I had built a large business for my father as my first chapter. So I spent 22 to 34 those years not uh when I was 22 to 34 1998 to 200 um and and six building my dad's business. I really revolutionized the wine business.

A lot of good Google search results to this. I launched one of the first e-commerce sites in the country, one of the first email newsletters period, let alone in wine. I was on Google Adwords day one. changed my dad's business and then really popped off when YouTube. I started a YouTube show within the first year of YouTube's existence called Wine Library TV where I got internet famous. I was much less famous back then than internet famous is now when they're the real celebrities. And uh and it exploded my dad's business. I was a first mover on Twitter and an early investor in Facebook and Twitter which really changed the course of my career as you can imagine financially but also from a brand awareness and a personal brand standpoint.

I started getting known. I was one of the first 25 people to have a million followers on Twitter in the world. That led to brands in 2005 and six se excuse me six and seven and eight reaching out to me seven and eight to reach out to me cold on email or Twitter like literally to my wine library email. Hey Gary the wine guy. We're Pepsi. We're Reebok. We're Nike. We'd like to learn like what why do you have a million followers on?

It was literally like, "Why do you have a million followers on Twitter and we have 54 and we're Nike and you're some random kid in New York in New Jersey doing wine?" So, I took a couple consulting gigs. The one that really popped off was ESPN. I did a meeting at ESPN. They paid me $5,000 for an hour, which blew my head off. I thought it was the most money of all time. I got out of it. I enjoyed it. I always knew I was a marketer, but I was also an operator and a CEO.

I was a businessman and a marketer and I just realized that there was an opportunity that nobody knew what was about to happen with social from what I could tell in advertising and I thought I did and I wanted to go all in. I called my brother. He was still in college after the ESPN meeting and I said, "I think I have an idea." Cuz we knew we were going to start a business together. We'd always been entrepreneurial together. We were going to start a fantasy sports site. We're going to start a deal of the day site like Groupon, which probably was a good idea. We should have done that. Um, and uh, we started Vayner Media and we wanted, what we did at first was brands like Campbell Soup and the NHL and Pepsi Co., my brother's laptop literally created the Facebook and Instagram, Facebook and Twitter accounts for those clients.

Our original premise of the business was create social media accounts and community manage, reply to people leaving comments on the wall cuz Facebook didn't have the feed yet. It was just a wall like MySpace if you remember. And so when people would show up on the NHL's wall, we'd be like, "Thank you." or "Watch the game tonight." So it was a lot of community management at first and then obviously it evolved into what it is today. Can you tell us about your first job ever and how that shaped the kind of leader you are today? My first job ever? So, it's that's such a always a historically tough question for me because I've only wor the only time I've not owned my own thing is when I worked for my father's business and by the time I was 16 years old, I already had a lot of say in that business. It was a real immigrant life and I was who I was and my dad was who he was. Um, the first thing I ever did was sell lemonade.

Was very instrumental in my life. I'm not kidding. I'm literally sitting here in hindsight because of how my lemonade career went. I made the lemonade. wasn't very good, I'm sure. But instead of standing behind the booth, I would make Robbie Turnick or Marissa Bird or Eric Godfrey or Andy Greco or Bobby Duffy, a friend in the neighborhood, stand behind the table and I would walk Tingly Lane and try to figure out where to put the signs. I wrote a book recently called Day Trading Attention where I believe knowing where the attention is is the only other variable besides the creative being the variable in marketing. I tried my little ass off to make the best lemonade sign for 10 cents.

Even back then, when I think about it, I always knew how to make 10 cents big. Like, I was good. It was natural. But the fact that I this blows me away and I I'd forgotten about it for 30 years until I reminisced or my mom mentioned something. The fact that I intuitively at seven and eight years old knew that where I put the sign, which tree, which pole, at what angle, at what height, and not only, this is insane what you're about to hear because it's insane to me. Not only would I put think that hard about where I'd put it, I would then sit and watch cars drive by to see if I could see if the person saw it and would adjust the sign. It impacted my entire career. my first job, I learned that marketing mattered and that I could sell the same amount of lemonade every day, but if the sign was better and placed in a better spot, that I'd sell more lemonade.

And if it wasn't and it was in a worse spot, I'd sell less lemonade. And that's how I did my baseball card tables. When that became my next reality, I would set up my table very strategically. older dealers because I was a kid. I was 12, 13. 40 year old men would make fun of me because I would be like so weird. Like I would the show would start and I'd be setting up for another hour. They used to try to be nice to me too.

They'd be like, "Hey kid, you got to get ready before the show starts." And I would look at them and be like, "You don't know anything. I need to spend the first hour analyzing what everyone's doing and what stands out. I would build like towers of boxes. I would do anything to make you stop at my table." And then finally when I started working for my dad at 14, I watched every single customer walk through his store and I would figure out where they would stop, how, what sign, what product should I put in front of it, what should I put at the register, what should be the end cap, why are they not turning left for the beer, we need to sell beer, make them turn left, build a display that doesn't make them go down that aisle, so they have to go down the beer a crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in hindsight, human behavior, attention, marketing, operations, that lemonade stands the foundation of my career. Can you describe your work personality and leadership style? It's always kind. I'm very proud of that. When I die, that's what people will say at my funeral.

And that's what I'm most proud of. I want to me nice guys finish first. It's actually something I need to rebrand. Nice guys finish last is like the worst [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] statement on earth because it teaches guys the wrong thing. Um, nice guys finish first. I'm funny. Like I think I I try to keep it like I think I'm very good at countering what's happening. Meaning when it's really bad, when like people are scared politically or when something's happening in a business, I think I step up.

I I take the angst out of the room. I make everyone feel safe. I'm proud of that. On the flip side, when my company's getting a little entitled or a little soft, I'm comfortable reminding everyone like, "Let's stop [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around. Let's bring it. I think I'm my mother's son. And um what do you really love about your job? The accountability, the freedom, the responsibility, the creativity, the competitiveness, all of it.

I love it. I'm a firefighter. Every day I wake up, I have problems. Singapore this, LA that, London this, New York that. But I'm built for it. I like it. I want it. I want the ball with 3 seconds left and the whole stadium's watching.

And if I miss the shot, then I have to deal with the reporters after the game and own it. And if I make it, the crowd cheers and it feels good. And I'm I'm up for that challenge. And then last question. Um, can you talk about your team and why it's built for success? My team is so everything. It's built for success because I lead with no fear and they learn to do that too. They especially for people that are here for over five years like I thank them so much.

They care so much. I feel confident that I've created the rationale for that. But I think we're built for success because we like each other because we care for it. because it doesn't feel like a corporation and that because we're really doing the thing I'm most proud of and I see it in my team is we want our clients to actually sell stuff like we want the marketing to work. We are not doing work for our own portfolios so that we get a good article in your amazing publication so it leads to new business. We've got all that covered. Our team is built for success because they care and they're good people and um I love them a lot. [Music]
