# joN_HE9gkMI

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joN_HE9gkMI

---

900 p.m. to midnight might be the most important threehour window in a 24-hour day for those who are frustrated, resentful, struggling, not fulfilled, unhappy, curious, determined, hopeful, and ambitious. The number one opportunity is live social shopping. Europe is the best advice for someone who's been overcodled. MOMMY'S BEEN TRYING TO HELP YOU and you're not doing anything about it. Here's the encouragement. You're the best way to start is to find something to sell and to go live and do it. It's real, man.

Live shopping is going to be massive. Live shopping is going to be a monster. Live shopping is a huge opportunity in 26 27. You got this, bro. You can do this. Stop crying. Every single thing that is worth it is hard. Love is hard.

Relationships is hard. Being healthy and strong is hard. Making money is hard. We have to fall in love with hard. [music] Goodbye. &gt;&gt; All right, that was weird. I feel like the Matrix [laughter] just now tried to stop me from helping everyone. I feel like I'm giving the real and they don't want it.

They don't want it. 9:00 p.m. to 12. That's the big takeaway here. Is your time. And if someone says I'm too tired, well then then that's that. Then live in it. Good to see everybody.

Very excited for Tea with Gary Vee. Episode 100. A nice little milestone. T made a nice video. I said we don't celebrate, but I appreciate the effort. We may still post it. Ragav, you got a question? &gt;&gt; Uh, what is the power of know?

&gt;&gt; Power of no is something that I've struggled with. In fact, over the weekend, I told AJ that um Michael Rubin from Fanatic said something twice now. One in a one-on-one meeting, one in a group thing I was in last week where he has the same problem that I have, which is even if 13 different ideas are all right, collectively they're wrong because you're just stretching a little too thin. And I talk a lot about happiness versus success financially. So for me, the power of no is very important. Most of you have a problem saying yes. I have a problem saying no. Most of you should be saying yes to more things.

I'm so addicted to the concept of maybe serendipity karma that I say yes to a lot of things. There's some stuff in my schedule today that I looked at over the weekend that should be nos. with this last full week before the holidays, I need to accomplish a whole lot of things. So, for a lot of you that are more like me, yes, men and women, the power of no is more effectiveness, more efficiency, um not getting sidetracked, being able to double down on your most important things. I think a lot of people struggle with, ironically, saying yes to more things. You think you're busier than you are. Um you're fearful of wasting time. and and I think I'm a little bit on the other side and I need to get a little bit better at no.

And I would say this year I got better at it. Uh I'm trying to get even stronger at it, but finding the balance between yes and no. Actually, everybody who's in the chat right now, all 700 of you, let's get the shares going right now. But I have a question for all 700 of you right now. How many of you feel like you're saying yes to too many things? And how many of you feel like you're saying no to too many things? Say yes or no. Just a good oldfashioned yes or no.

And thank you for everybody who's reposting. I see you. Say you're saying yes to too many things or no to too many things. And it's going to be interesting to see. Nice nice little mix of both. Yeah, I think all of us are trying to find that middle. You know, all of us are trying to find that middle. Um but I think a lot of you are scared to fail and not enough yeses.

And then I think a lot of you are just a little more creative, a little more skelter like I am, uh, and need to find the power no. The answer to your question directly is the power of no allows you to be more effective and efficient on the things you've already said yes to before you say yes to another thing. Have you fulfilled or executed enough on all of your prior yeses? Everybody, my latest book on how to get better at social media is now going to be pinned to the bottom of the show. All right, let's keep it going. How would you handle being the main supporter for your family, but you hate what you do, even though you make money? &gt;&gt; This is a really good question. This is just called being a grown-up and eating crap for the betterment of your family.

I think this is a real grown adult process a lot of us have gone through. There have been many times through my life, especially my life, where I've been really the financial driver for many everybody around me. Um it's called living life, you know, like our pain tolerance is a direct correlation sometimes to uh the life we live. I mean, there's so many of us right now that are providing and you're providing emotionally, you're providing uh financially. And you know what I would say is to make sure that you don't create a level of resentment. This is what I why I've become infatuated with um with people learning how to um use this. I'm really happy that CryptoDaddy and Trey 100 just bought this. I hope it helps them.

I think that built the fact that all of us, if this was 1984 tea with Gary Vee, I'd say Wayne, suck it up. You're a man. literally because Wayne would have to work 9 to6 and there'd be no really real way without Wayne taking a high risk of quitting and trying to get another job for Wayne to set himself up. The fact that we live in a world right now where you can use social media content, LinkedIn especially to produce content or reach out to people via social to create your other job opportunity that you don't need recruiters coming to you. you could be the recruiter for yourself is a real gift. This whole 6 pm, you know, this whole 6 pm or even if you want to eat dinner, be with the family, have a little leisure, call it this 900 p.m. to 5 in the morning economy, and obviously you need sleep. So 5 in the morning is a little bit of a hyperbole.

I would say for the people that are unhappy like Wayne who's providing for his family but he's unhappy that I would say that 900 p.m. to midnight is one of the remarkable three hours in our society right now. I believe that 900 p.m. to midnight is one of the most important three hours. I could argue I could argue that 900 p.m. to midnight is one of the most important 3 hours if not the most important 3 hours of the unhappy, unfulfilled, struggling, concerned in our society right now. Because from 9:00 p.m. to midnight between LinkedIn and the other social networks, you can start creating the other opportunities for yourself to get out of the hole you're in.

9:00 p.m. to midnight might be the most important 3hour window in a 24-hour day for those who are frustrated, resentful, struggling, not fulfilled, unhappy, cu on the flip side, curious, determined, hopeful, and ambitious. Because a lot of us have to do things 9 to5, 9 to6, 9 to7 and a lot of us also worry about work life balance some sort of you know reality of providing the emotional end time for our spouse our partner our girlfriend our boyfriend our husband our wife our son our daughter our parents so fine I'm giving you 6 to 9 but this 900 p.m. to midnight is the 3-hour window to flip the switch. And I highly recommend people get more serious about it. Thank you for picking up the book. If you want to get better at social media, if you want to learn how to get better at social media, if you need to get better at social media content, the book is here. Look at Russ.

Look at Russ in the book. Look at Russ making an appearance in the book. Day trading attention pinned below. The perfect gift for yourself. Also, if you're a collector, who's a Pokemon or Marvel or Disney collector? Say Pokemon, Disney, Marvel. Check out the comic books. Next question, team.

&gt;&gt; How can I tell my mom that is the same age as you that she still has time to build something? She's a kindergarten teacher and not really happy with her job. I encourage her to post content about parenting. &gt;&gt; I mean, it's the same old game, right? Like, you have to get her to listen to my podcast. All of you should be checking out my podcast, Garyve Podcast. Search that right now on Chat GBT or Google. Make sure you do that right now.

How many of you are actually, let's be honest right now, all 888 of you. Good little number. How many of you are subscribed on Apple or Spotify to my podcast? Say yes podcast. Say no podcast. I need all 900 answers right now. Say yes podcast, no podcast. Here's where I'm going with it.

Whether it's the Gary Vee podcast, which I would love all of you to get on, or some other your mom needs positivity and encouragement, accountability and push in her ears. That's what listen that's all that life is. All that life is is your mindset, your perspective, how you see the world. The audio that runs through your head, self-doubt, self-love, opportunity, cynicism. I'm 50, she's 50, she thinks it's over. I don't even think I've started. That's real. And I don't believe that a lot of you believe that I believe that.

I don't believe that a lot of you believe me when I say that. that I don't feel like I've just started. I'm aware of my accomplishments, but I genuinely feel they've been foundational to what I'm doing next. How many people here are under 40 and feel like it's over? Like they've made their bed. They have to sleep in it. They picked the job. They picked the person.

They picked where they live. Like how many of you under 40 say that's me? Say that's me. And then put your age number on the right. That's me. And then put your age number. That's me. I'm 47.

That's me. I'm 39. Put that's me. I need all of you to say, "Yeah, I mean, like when I see Tiger Josh say, "That's me and I'm 37. That's me. I'm 39. That's me. I'm 39." Like, you could see a lot of 30s.

You know, it's crazy to me, you know, at 34 years old, I worked in a liquor store, had never made business content or just started making business content. Like, I don't think people get it. Like, you know, and I know all of you have seen this content for me over and over and over and over again. I don't care if you listen to me. You're not my sister. You you know like you like when people push back for me like you think I care. I care in general but I don't know you. I don't know Sap's ro like I don't know everyone in here.

Like I don't know you like that. I'd like to know you. This is why we hang out on tea with Gary D. I'm desperate. This is why I allocate my time which is my biggest asset to do this in the morning on December 15th. Like I do this, I do this, but I don't know how to get you there unless you constantly listen to it over and over until it breaks through. How many people here, no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] please put in the chat, have broken through mentally, have gone from cynical to positive because of therapy, who you hang out with, who you've cut out, who's had a breakthrough, say, "I've broken through." Say, "I've broken through in the chat." Because I need people to see others. You see me.

Everybody look in the chat right now. Like people can break through. But to answer to your mom like I need you to listen to my podcast every day, but not me. Not this selfish like listen to my podcast. Meaning someone like me. I don't care if you listen to me or any of the other thousands of people on the internet that provide positive and practical, accountable, and hopeful content. I really don't care. I really don't care.

Meaning, I'd love for you to listen to me, but I really don't care if it's me or someone else. But I need you to tune out negativity. Like, I don't know what else to say. It is very clear to me what's going on. If you hang out with negative people, cynical people, non-h hopeful people, non-ambitious people, like that OG [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your great-grandmother told you of like you are who you surround yourself with is true. And the problem is most of you surround yourself right now with social media and mainstream media content that is scaring you. Both sides of the political aisle are doing the same thing globally. Both sides are doing the same thing.

They're scaring you. Everyone's cynical. Everyone's become super overcoddled. So we're blaming. So you're scared and you're blaming. Do you know that there's actually kids that are Gen Z that actually blame boomers? Like actually like there's actually random 27 34 year olds are like it's the 80 year old's fault. That's insanity.

Like it's exhausting. So I I don't know like what I would tell your mama is start listening to optimistic offenseoriented people. That's why offenseoriented orangutang is one of my favorite V friends. Offenseoriented orangutang is really un deep. Who's a Be Friends collector here? Say Bee Friends. It's one of the ones that are super under the radar. If people have been following Be Friends for a long time, they know I rarely talk about the offenseoriented orangutang, right?

But it's one of my favorite characters. I call him Triple O. Triple O is a beast. Like, who's offenseoriented? Like almost everything that comes out of my mouth is offenseoriented. That's it, man. That's where we need to be. All right, let's keep it going.

Next question. &gt;&gt; How do you find work life balance while you have anxiety that you're not doing enough? &gt;&gt; By giving yourself grace by realizing there's no such thing as work life balance. This morning I was actually thinking I was like, you know, we're at that time of year. I'm like, was 25 a good year? Like do I feel good about it? Like how do I feel like I did? Reality is is like there's no perfect year like in hindsight sometimes.

Like for example, I might in seven years look back at 25 and be like, "Oh, that was a good year, right? I started doing live. That can be one, right? You know, there's a lot of ways to think about it. I I'm just in the business of loving myself like real talk. Like, but holding myself accountable and not being delusional. It's this really interesting balance [clears throat] of like I know I'm trying and that is enough. Like I know I'm trying and that's enough.

And I want all of you there. Like if you're really trying and you're coming from a good place and you got a balance of like trying to do right by you and your family but also care about others like even just how nice I am in public like opening a door saying hi or smiling at people makes me feel very fulfilled makes me feel good about myself makes me feel like I'm trying to leave a positive deposit in a world that's passionate about doing the reverse but I don't get delusional like a lot of like you can like yourself you can be ice, but laying on your couch all day and like watching porn and like you're probably not being productive. You could be like laying around and just gambling on Poly Market and like DraftKings and Fanatics betting and like that's probably not productive. You could be like laying on your couch and your mom is giving you money and you're just watching like Elf for the 15th time in the last two weeks. Like that's probably not productive. So there's a level of like like loving yourself but but also holding yourself accountable. I don't know why so many of you struggle with the balance of loving yourself but holding yourself accountable because I feel like when people hear holding yourself accountable they hear it in their mind of like &gt;&gt; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on yourself for sucking. &gt;&gt; Like when I talk about patience people get all shook like Gary B.

&gt;&gt; Like I see the comments you guys see it right? This advice isn't it like you got to go hard. Like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm going harder than you. There's no one who's left a comment that says Gary's wrong, you have to go hard. Has gone harder than me. I feel it. Not one person. But I think people are struggling with the balance.

So, how do I answer this person? Very easily. Like, like, and by the way, yesterday is over. Like, if yesterday you sucked, like if yesterday was a bad day, if if yesterday you were like, I blew this whole year. I blew my whole life. It really [clears throat] doesn't matter. Today's always day one. Today's day one, y'all.

For example, Nomomas, Michael Silician, Demarcus Collection, and Act on Prompting all bought this book probably to day one next year. They're going to read it and they're going to get better at social media content and they can start winning. All right, next question. &gt;&gt; I'm 23 and I'm struggling to figure out my career. I want to build something for myself, but my girlfriend of four years wants to get married and move out soon and expect me to work on a traditional job. I don't know what to do. Any advice? &gt;&gt; 9:00 p.m.

to midnight. You could do both. Like I I I don't understand how people don't realize you can do both. You can work 9 to5 and then you could work in the evening. Now, first of all, your girlfriend since you were 18 and now you're 22, you guys are young. Like, I know that's how they did it in the old days and you might be immigrant life and that's how you still do it. I get it. But like I I would just say like outside pressure is always wrong.

You can't live your life based on what your girlfriend, fiance, future wife wants you to do, even if you love her more than breathing itself, because there will be resentment that builds from that. I'm about to drop a bomb this morning. Many of you that are people pleasers must protect yourself from resenting those that you're pleasing and then blaming them for it. I'm going to say that again. Many of you that are people pleasers must protect yourself from resenting those that you're doing the people pleasing for only to them then blame them for it when you decided to do it. This has been a vulnerability of mine through my life's journey. You are deciding to please someone else. your mom, your dad, your your husband, your wife, your boyfriend, your girlfriend, your child.

You've decided to please someone else. And not from a place of insecurity. You just have a lot of warmth in your heart. Like I don't people please cuz I'm like cuz I want you to like me. I actually don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if any of you like me. I like to people please because I'm in a good place and I like it. It feels it fulfills me. Yeah, I get it, J Chat.

But it's really really important, you know, like you're absolutely right. That's what so many people can get caught on. Like I'm telling all of you, you have to be very careful. And this is why we're talking about it. I like you too, the man. I need all of you to understand this. You can't blame others when you people please and then you resent them. You must be accountable.

That's it. Accountability matters. A lot of you have to check yourselves. We need more humility, more self-awareness. I I really hope this helps someone this morning. I really hope this helps someone this morning. This is real stuff. A lot of you pointing fingers when it's actually thumbs.

All right, I'm going to talk to the chat for a little bit. Just talk into the chat a little bit. Everybody in the chat. Christy says, "Wow, I've never looked at it like that before." See, that's what I'm here for. See, Christy just made my whole morning. these little angles like all life is is how you see it. All life is is how you see it. That's all like there is no life besides how you see it.

People think there's right. I I laugh at this. PEOPLE THINK THERE'S RIGHT AND WRONG. PEOPLE think life is black and white. How many of you struggle with wanting life to be black and white? How many of you see life black and white? How many of you think life is black and white? How many do you How many people here want others to see life black and white?

How many say black and white in the chat if you're one of those people? I need it. I need it. I need you to own it. It's easy behind the screen. Own it. How many people here are disappointed by other people? Other people disappoint you.

Jojo says, "Wow, Gary, you look tired." No, no, Jojo. It's just I'm 50 now and I don't use face cream and I'm not doing the I'm not doing the facelift thing. I'm not doing it. I'm not doing the plastic surgeon. Look, you'll never believe it. Like, I can make myself look better, but I just not where I'm about. How many of you are disappointed by others? I'm telling you.

I'm telling you. Be careful. Too many expectations, too much insecurity. If you're constantly disappointed by people, there's too much ego, there's too much insecurity. That's you. If you're disappointed by others, it's not them, it's you. &gt;&gt; Cool. Let's keep going.

&gt;&gt; My girlfriend and I have totally changed our lives in the last 3 years. We hardly drink, don't take drugs, just bought a house, and had a baby. Recently, we feel like all the friends we've accumulated, being young and crazy, are dwindling as we're living a better life, but we haven't yet found our new like-minded friends. Is it still worth trying to make an effort with our old friends even though it seems like we have less and less in common as we're &gt;&gt; you know friendship comes in different levels I think we can all agree with that right everybody you all agree like right you have like super deep friends that feel like direct family then there's the next tier underneath that they don't feel like family but they're like really good friends it's awesome it's light it's good then there's that next tier of like it's kind of in the middle then there's one lower that I would call is borderline line acquaintance and service level, but you're always thrilled to run into them twice a year and be like, "Yeah, right. That's it." You know, maybe those friends that were drugs and party and night life were used to be deepest when you were in the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together. And maybe they can convert into light. You could see them once or twice a year reminisce old stories, catch up. Maybe because you're in a stronger mental place, maybe you can become that for those friends.

Maybe you can become the north star. Maybe you can talk through how you got there. Maybe you can call them out of like, hey, like like cut the cocaine out of your life. Like maybe you can be that person. So that's how I answer that. There's layers to relationships. Again, this is back to black and white. Some people like either like I know a lot of people in my own life.

If you're not like best friends and deep and it's like deep, then it's nothing. And I'm like, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man. Where the layers? A lot of people are like, "Man, if I can't be authentic and real and like deep with a friend, then it's zero. It's like literally 100 or zero." And those people tend to have no friends. I'm a little bit more like there's different levels to the game. 54 321 542 and one. By the way, I hate when you evaluate employees or other things.

Random thing. You have to get rid of the number in the middle. If you evaluate employees, managers, if you have like an evaluation system of like 5 4 3 2 1, get rid of three. Everybody evaluates at three. Get rid of the three. Force them into a four or two. Little little little side thing while we're here. All right, let's keep going.

&gt;&gt; How would you handle working two jobs while trying to get a business off the ground? Some days I just don't have the physical energy because my body will literally shut down and I want to ensure that I'm taking care of myself healthwise. &gt;&gt; Patience. Like there's plenty of times where my body's tired and I go super hard and I go to sleep. I love a good go to sleep at 9:00, wake up at 8. I I think I've slept 11 hours twice in the last 30 days. 11. You like that brain?

&gt;&gt; Yeah. You didn't see that coming, huh? &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. &gt;&gt; I'll I listen to my body all day. I have unlimited ambitions, but I don't get this. Like, when when do people think it's over? Everybody just wants it too fast. Lack of patience.

This is why I talk about patience all day. All right, let's keep it going. &gt;&gt; What is more important to you as a leader? Challenging your employees with new tasks to grow or making sure to give them tasks that they excel at? The &gt;&gt; answer is and. Both of those things matter to me the most. Players in a position to succeed, create paths to stretch them, to learn about them, and get context of what they're good and not good at. By the way, when I give new employees new tasks, different things to do, I don't necessarily need them to be great at it.

I want to create opportunity for them for career growth and I want to get context on their ability, but I'm not disappointed. They do not lose when they fail at news tasks. And sometimes I'll go back to the same person and give them a third up or second or fourth bite at that apple. Got it? So employees, if you've got a great boss, if you if you fail at a new task, sometimes it's not a bad thing. &gt;&gt; All right, go ahead. &gt;&gt; So on last week on LinkedIn, we did a poll that said, uh, what is the number one reason that you would leave your job? poor work life balance, a difficult boss, salary or other.

After 10,000 votes, the number one answer at 48% was a difficult boss. Any reaction to that? Makes a lot of sense to me. Like I mean to me that's exactly right. Like I I think most people leave jobs for a difficult boss or more money somewhere else. That makes sense. That's the way it should be, right? Fi finances matter and happiness matter.

It really kind of makes a lot of sense, you know. And so, in fact, a lot of How many people in the chat have left a job for more money, got there, didn't like the boss as much, and then went back to their prior job for less money than their new job for the old salary or maybe a increase from the like some something in between. How many people have done that? Uh, say boomerang. Say boomerang. How many people have done that? had a job, left for more money, and then realized, wait a minute, this is unhappiness, and then went back. Look how many people look at all these boomerangs.

Look at that. And someone said, "Never go backwards." I actually don't think that's going backwards. I think that's going forward. I think that's you realizing your day-to-day happiness is more important than a couple more dollars. Dollars is not the only thing. Money is not the only thing in how many people think money is the only thing in life. I even people trolling I feel hopefully won't say this in the chat because then the gods of karma are going to strike them down [clears throat] like nobody believes that you know money matters. Please don't misunderstand what I'm saying money enables a lot of opportunities but I mean you know someone said never go backwards to that.

I view that as forward. If you go through an experience where you go that job is not as good and then you go back for le back to the same amount or in between the two numbers or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man some people might have gone back to you know Hov says says a rich person. I love that the number one weapon of like money doesn't matter. Oh says the rich person is the number one loser [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to say in life. I'm just going to go right at and poke you in the heart. Loser talk. It's just like it's weaponizing a lack of depth like like Anyway, let's keep it going. &gt;&gt; In the coming era, organic social is a bang on thing, but apart from building your brand organically, what do you think will be the highest growing asset someone can own digitally right now, especially with all the AI and web 2.0 buzz happening?

&gt;&gt; The highest asset is attention. You know, the highest asset is attention. The biggest asset in the world is attention. amassing it creates opportunity, right? Oh, Corso says, "Pea with Gary Vee." I could do this show from the bathroom could be huge. Oh, this might be a good time to announce my new show. I'm launching a new show in 2026 called uh uh No Whining with Gary Vee. No whining or whining.

What did I call it? &gt;&gt; Winding down. &gt;&gt; Yeah, winding. No, I was thinking about winding down, but then said no wine. &gt;&gt; I like no whining, right? Where I taste a wine. It's gonna be a mix of Ask GaryVee, Tea with Gary Vee, and Wine Library TV. It's going to be basically this, but I'm also going to be drinking a wine, reviewing that wine so that people can uh learn it, but then really being on like the no excuse kick.

So, anyway, I would say there's so many things I Let me break this down for everyone. A couple things to think about for everyone here. One, I highly recommend all of you focus on self-awareness, right? Like self-awareness. Self-awareness. Self-awareness. What I mean by that is so many of you should focus on written content. So, Substack, LinkedIn, uh photos on Instagram with very long written captions.

&gt;&gt; Audio, some people are scared of video should be on audio, right? You know, like as I get older with the bags under my eyes, the comments of like, "Oh, you look tired. Gary, you look bad. I'm worried about you because people haven't been seeing me a little bit. Gray bags." For a lot of people, that cripples them, makes them stop wanting to be on video. I'd like you all to go through self-esteem building and be able to go up and persevere through that. But if you can't, you could still make content by doing audio, right? You could do audio or video.

So I think for this person, you know, it it's there's a lot of ways to attack this, but written word, audio, and video are all I do have a podcast. Who's the boss? Everybody, please Google or chat GBT Garyve podcast. It's the Gary Vee Audio Experience. It's on Spotify and Apple. Please subscribe. Let me know if you subscribed to my podcast during this show. Let me know.

Let me know if you did that. All right, let's keep it going. &gt;&gt; I'm 66. &gt;&gt; 66. &gt;&gt; 66. I wish I were 67. &gt;&gt; Worked two jobs for 24 years. Looking for suggestions to supplement my social security after I retire next year in July.

Is something online really possible for an older person? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. I mean, live social shopping is the answer. My number one thing for everybody who's watching right now as we go into 2026, I do believe the biggest opportunity for most of you, for the thousand of you that are watching right now, I believe the number one opportunity, number one opportunity is live social shopping. Tik Tok shop, Tik Tok affiliate, whatnot, Twitch, uh, District, which is an app that lets you do live shopping. I'm an enormous fan of live shopping. This is QVC on social media. If you know what live shopping is, say live shopping.

If you don't know, say don't know in the chat. I need all 10,000 of you to say it. Say live shopping or say don't know. I need all of you to learn this. I need all of you to try this. For everyone who's saying don't know, you just go into chat GPT or Google and type in what is live shopping? Live shopping is literally QVC or affiliate. There Tik Tok has an insane affiliate program.

The Tik Tok affiliate program is bananas. I highly recommend all of you figure out Tik Tok affiliate. This is where you literally get product in the mail. Like my By the way, my comic books are going to be part of the affiliate. You guys need this. You guys need this. Um, you need to figure out what's going on with comics. Let me know if you picked up a Vfriend Friends product.

The answer to that question was for that 66 year old woman is live shopping. Who here thinks they're a good salesman? You've worked retail. You've you've been a a waiter and you were good at upselling. Who here thinks they're a good salesman? Say salesman. Who here thinks that they're a good salesman and does not know what live shopping is? Say sales but no live.

Say sales but no live in the chat. These are the people I want to talk to right now. Sales but no live. David Arugula, Mary Hall, the royal family, Daniel J. Charles. I'm about to change so many lives right now. Every single person that said sales but no live has to Google and chat GPT what live shopping is. You need to go live and start selling on Tik Tok.

Tik Tok live shopping or on whatnot. You've got to figure this out everybody. Danatello says I don't want to go live. You don't have to. Charles says what do we sell? Anything. There's a ton of things in the affiliate store. You can do a garage sale.

Every one of you can do a garage sale. Now again you're like I don't know how. just search it. Plus, we're going to make a deck on like live shopping 101. That's a big focus of mine for January. All right, go ahead. &gt;&gt; My son grew up wanting to be a YouTuber for his gaming. I was always very supportive of this.

He is 22 and refuses to try the software I got him to record his gameplay. I know he probably needs someone to sit with him and figure out the software and encourage him, but I'm a woman of few words and honestly, it's more like nagging at this point. Can you give him a message of encouragement to make his dream a reality? &gt;&gt; Yeah, bro. Stop being a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't know what to do, Erin. I'm trying. I don't know. Like, clearly loving, you know, like you have to understand like this is what the old school like mom dad dynamics why it created such a good earth.

There's the naturing and then there's like, you know, like the push. Like you can't have two parents or two mentors who both just &gt;&gt; We're good. Are we still here? Everybody, are we still here? All right. That was weird. Um, that was interesting. Uh, are we back?

&gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Was that a phone call you got that changed? No. Something weird &gt;&gt; on the phone said We disconnected. &gt;&gt; Okay, we're fine. I mean, I feel like even Tik Tok algorithm didn't want me to give the real advice. I feel like the Matrix just now tried to stop me from helping everyone. Did anybody just see that?

Like, I feel like I'm giving the real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they don't want it. They don't want it. LIKE, WE'RE SO OVERCODDLED RIGHT now that people don't want the like, you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is the best advice for someone WHO'S BEEN OVERCODDLED. MOMMY'S BEEN TRYING TO HELP YOU, DICKPACE, and you're not doing anything about it. And to the mom and to all the parents that are overcodling your kids, stop. If you've given them a year or two of money and love and cuddling and a roof over their head and taking care of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everything, cut them off. Here's the encouragement. You're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Get off your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ass cuz [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crying about it and pointing fingers and being like, I'll never be clicks.

He got lucky or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] got lucky or Marlin got lucky or Lacy got lucky or Face I got lucky or I can't do it. No, stop [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crying and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man up. You're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 22 years old. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Here's words of encouragement. You're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Stop bitching. I don't know what else to say. Like, right, Guz. I mean, I don't know.

Like, you know, like saps robots, right? Like, I don't know. I don't know what to say. Like, we want people to win and like I'm for in this scenario, I'm just following the question. If someone if if now if this question was like, "Hey, I've been calling my son a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for two years. Do you have any words of encouragement?" say, "Yeah, tell him you love him and he's the best and he's capable." This is the ying and yang. But like, when you're all in on one thing, overcoddling, love bombing, you got to go to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like throw him in the snow. Go shovel some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] snow today, you know?

So, like, you got to find the middle. [sighs] I don't know. All right, let's keep going. On a recent podcast, you said, "Sadness comes from insecurity," which I really vibe with. I'm a creative filmmaker and entrepreneur, and imposter syndrome is really loud for me. I know you believe that imposter syndrome is really just insecurity. So, how do I start becoming more secure &gt;&gt; by losing more? I don't think people get it.

Like, you start getting comfortable with by losing more and loving yourself more. It's two extremes. Again, using a you know how bridges pull hard from both sides and they help you get across to the other side. There's a real analogy there, right? I'm trying to get people to cross the other side. And the way I think you do that is by two extremes. By loving yourself unconditionally and not putting anyone else on a pedestal. Just you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good.

I just need all of you to know you're good. All of you are awesome. Like real talk, all of you are great. Real talk, you're great. And you're a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like, [laughter] like that's it. Like I don't understand how this is so hard. You're the best and you suck at most things. That's good.

And definitely this. So I think there's something there trying to get people to the other side of happiness. They need to cross the bridge. The bridge comes from pulling from opposite directions, right? which is you're awesome and you suck at many things and they can coexist. Everyone, this is that whole black and white thing that all of you are struggling with. If you read this and you do it, you will grow on social media. You will grow.

Things will happen. I I know that to be true. Lacy, Adwan, Francisco, Michelle, they all bought the book. Court, do you know how positive I am that two out of four of them are not even going to read it? Mhm. &gt;&gt; People think buying it is the action. Then some of them are going to buy it and read it. And then you know how many are not going to do anything with the information?

Four out of five. Now what? That person has to make fun of themselves. How many of you are the classic do all the things except the real thing? like you buy all the right equipment, but like so many of you do that, right? Like you do the checkbox, you posture that you're about it, but you're not about it. You write entrepreneur in your title of your Instagram, but you're not an entrepreneur. You talk about going hard, but you know that God knows that you don't.

How many of you, let's call ourselves out this morning. How many of you are full of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Say full of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the chat. You posture to make everyone think you're about that life, but you're not. Don't say me. Say full of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I need you to own it. Now, I need all of you that say this. Yeah. And I blame my age ADHD.

I'm ADHD. All right. It looks like you can't say full of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Probably in the chat. It's probably So FOS. Everyone say FOS. YOU POSTURE. YOU TALK ABOUT IT. You look the part.

You FOS. This is step one, y'all. Look at all these FOSs, man. And they all know it. This is the world. Now, here's the key. FOS's. FOS's.

You don't don't be sad. Don't be mad. If you're FOS, I need to know how old you are. FOS's. Uh, what's FOS? Full of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] YOU POSTURE. YOU BUY ALL THE EQUIPMENT. YOU BOUGHT HOW MANY PEOPLE JUST Here's a big one.

I need you to say me with like a bunch of exclamation points. I need this so bad. Josh, it might be you. Carrie, it might be you. Rush Power, it might be you. How many of you just bought this book and you know you're not going to read it? I need it. Say me with all caps and across the board.

Say me with all the way. I need it. How many of you just bought the book and you know you're not going to read it. That's the foss's, right? That's it. How many of you have hired the trainer or pay for a fitness thing and don't live that life? &gt;&gt; Runners is a big one. &gt;&gt; Runners are huge.

They get the nice sneakers. Like people people live that life. So enough. But don't beat yourself up. It's hard. Being disciplined is hard. Being disciplined is hard. How many of you were very disciplined in one part of your life and very not disciplined in another?

That's everyone, right? We all know. Everybody just raised their hand here. The whole crew. Aaron did. Ragav did. Braden did. Naa, Courtney, and Train.

All of us did it. All of us did it. Me, too. I tried to eat discipline this weekend. Lost all three days. I'm like, I'm going to kill Friday, SATURDAY, SUNDAY. LOST ALL THREE. Over three.

Over three. Not even on bad weekends, I'm like one for three, two for three. Like when over three, I'm like, I'm gonna crush over for three. I get it. The reason I can talk about this is cuz I get it. We all get it. But I'm telling y'all, you got to fight. If you're unhappy, you got to fight.

If you're unhappy, you got to fight. All right. Next question. &gt;&gt; I know that you talk about how much your mother's support meant to you. If you could envision that your mom had been strongly opposed to you starting your own company, your adventures, what would you have done to overcome that? &gt;&gt; I would have built that company and stuck it to her face. My mom is my hero and she pushed back on me on a lot of things and I stuck it to her. She pushed back on me on school.

My mom grounded my ass every single report card and progress report. By the way, when I talk about my mom and dad the way I talk about them, I have a funny feeling for the people that are hardcore that follow me, they have the script confused. You don't think my mom, my dad did unlimited things wrong, and my mom did some things wrong. I just choose not to dwell on it or talk about it. I don't empower the things they did wrong. I empower the things they did right. Uhoh. Some of the hardcore Gary Vee fans who've been using well Gary had a good mom as the excuse to why not might have just got caught.

I live my truth. I focus on good. What would I have done? I would have built a huge [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] business in her mouth and said, "Now what, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I've done [laughter] Eric said caught. Yeah, Eric. Like a lot of you have chosen to say, "Well, Gary got lucky that he had a good mom and he came from little, so that made him unstoppable." No, no. Gary has chosen dwelling on what my parents did wrong or what was done wrong to me. In my little inner family, my brother, my sister, my parents, most of those people feel bad for me.

They know a lot more than you all know. I just Yeah, Katie. What? No way. They feel bad because my parents feel bad that they child labored me and broke my back and I had all these physical issues. They feel bad because they held me to a standard that they didn't to my other siblings. like they feel bad that I'm the emotional and financial stability of like Yeah. Here's the secret though.

I don't feel bad for me. I like being a gangster. I like taking the last shot and missing and having the whole crowd boo me. I like your judgment. I like your judgment. That's the thing that I always uh laugh about is people that want to hate and troll don't realize that that makes me happier. I feel so bad for my haters. It man, I would hate to be a Gary Vee hater.

If they knew how much juice that gives me and how happy I get, it would break their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] little soft insecure heart. It would break their little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] soft ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] soul. It would hurt them. They feed me. So that's it. That's it. That's the game. And I believe everyone can get there.

I believe it's crazy what I actually believe. I know this. Zachary, thank you so much. M actually how many people have met me in real life? Said, "Met you in 2018. great guy. I You know what's so funny? I have such a nice persona and then I still stun people in real life because you're able to be more like, you know, like let's keep going.

Next question. &gt;&gt; I've built my business to 6 million followers on Tik Tok and 1 billion views. And now I want to build my personal brand, but I'm a turn between the expectations I grew up with and the person I know I'm becoming. I come from a very traditional Mexican Catholic family in a small town where being silly, loud, or saying bad words is considered disrespectful. Two questions. Should I separate my personal account from my business one? And how do I handle the fear that my family or people from my hometown will judge me? &gt;&gt; You can separate your accounts now.

Everything's about the individual piece of content. So, I'm not scared with people creating separate accounts to separate. I'm also not scared for you to blend it in your business account. Both work. Uh the sec if you do a separate account at first, the views will be smaller, but you can still make content that gets millions of views. That's amazing. As far as judgment, my friend, you're being judged. Now, for everybody who's scared to jump like this gentleman Gilbert, I've got a crazy one for you.

I got a crazy I've got a truth bomb that's going to blow your face off. Finally, third time's a charm. All right, here's a secret that's gonna This is actually I'm actually about to change many people's lives right here on the spot. I've never said this out loud. For everyone who's scared to be judged by the conservative and fearful and reserved and classic in your friend group, your family, your neighbors, and it sounds like this whole town. I've got a secret for you. You are actually being judged currently. The one to 3% that are winners are judging you for being a puss.

So, most of you right now are scared because you don't want to be judged by the 97% that are scared and conservative, but you're silently being judged by winners for being a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and having it. I judge, and I try not to judge, but I judge. I don't really judge. It's so funny. I tried to force it. I It's the greatest gift I I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] judge. It's such a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gift. I AM SO BLESSED.

I IT'S SO FUNNY. I COULDN'T even hold that. &gt;&gt; I don't know how to judge. The truth is I am desperately sad and empathetic and sympathetic and sad for those that I see are winners who aren't jumping. You could call that a version of judgment. My friends, you're being judged. You're just being judged by winners. I know, Jennifer, right?

That was a game changer. I've never I KNOW THAT'S A WAS THAT A [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] BOMB? &gt;&gt; Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; You're scared because you're being judged by the conservative and the losing. And you're like, "Oh my god, my judgment." &gt;&gt; And meanwhile, the silent winners of the world are judging you for being a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh my god, that is so big. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's big. We are actually being judged by the winners and the greats. Yeah, Katie, right? That is a dang.

Everyone's scared to jump and be their true selves because they're scared of the judgment of the losing. And yet they don't know it because the winners aren't telling you. Losers are telling you because misery loves company. Winners are just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cooking because they're focused on their own [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and building. They don't have time to tell you. I can't believe that just happened. That is like a crazy secret. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Whose life just completely ch who was just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm a LITTLE BIT LIKE [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I never put it to words.

Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's a big deal. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me. That is such a problem. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That is such a big deal. You're always being judged regardless, but you're not going to live your happiness and your joy and your winning because you're valuing the judgment of the loud losing. And you didn't realize that the silent winning is judging you even more. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You stay being judged, my friends. Now the question is, who do you want to be judged by?

Did someone's brain just break? You court you. You got hit by that. It's a good one, right? &gt;&gt; H cooking this morning. Wow, that was big, man. [sighs] That was real. Let's keep it going.

I judge myself sometime, friends. When you judge yourself, you've been instilled judgment by others and you think it's you. You're not judging yourself. All of you naturally love yourself. This is wild. Here's another one. Who here shits on themselves and judges themsel? Who's relationship here?

Ah, I need everybody. I need everybody. I need absolutely all 1300 of you. We're all answering. Ready? Here we go. If 100% is where I I feel like I'm 95 to 100. If 95 to 100% is full love of yourself, FULL SUPPORT OF YOURSELF, BUT holding yourself accountable, you got this incredible balance.

You're not like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] delusional and narcissistic and egoed out. You got this nice balance. If 100% is 100, and 0% is like you you dislike yourself so much, you're ready to be take yourself out. Like the worst of the worst, what percentage are you this morning? I need to know where are you right now. Gary was handed $3 million wine business yet claims to be like us. I wasn't handed anything. I never owned that business.

I don't own that business. In fact, my dad had a $3 million a year revenue business that made $100,000 in profit and I built out the 65 million for him. Left, started Vayner Media in a conference room of another company because I didn't have enough money to have rent. I was that broke at 34. I don't claim to be just like you. I claim to be better than you, dick face. &gt;&gt; Cuz I built something for MY DAD CUZ I HAD IT LIKE that and I knew I was a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gangster and I knew at 34 I could start from [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dead zero after giving 12 years of my life to my family. I don't claim to be like you.

I'm better than you, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; You claim to come up with an excuse that isn't true. How about that, &gt;&gt; dick face? &gt;&gt; Now what, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; You like that trait? And I still got love for that person. I'm not even mad at them. I'm just tired of people coming up with excuses. I didn't get handed [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] built a business for my father and mother because I loved them so much. Left with nothing.

Real talk. Why do you think I tell all of you that I think you can do it at 34 after [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bleeding and breaking my back and working 100 hours a week for 12 years straight and giving up my entire 20s and all that? Yeah. [clears throat] Okay. Get your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] history right if you got something to say. Um, all right. Going back to the percentages. I need percentages, y'all.

I need percentages. I need percentages. I know the explanation is not necessarily sock, but a lot of people here don't know who I am. And a lot of people feed into excuses and they need them. They need them. I am the bubble hockey guy. I can All right, for everybody in under 50%. I'm telling you right now, of course, Raj, I'm reading the chat.

I need all of you. I need all of you to hear this. I need all of you to hear this. If you're under 50% in your love towards yourself, you need to know that that judgment was put inside of you. If you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on yourself, who here shits on themselves, say poop in the chat. Who here shits on themselves? Say poop in the chat. Say poop.

Okay, for all of you, you need to know it's not you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on yourself. You love yourself. You just believed someone who was judging you and took it as your own. Often a parent, sometimes a sibling, sometimes a random friend. You've got to get good with this. Next question. &gt;&gt; How do you pursue projects to discover your passion when you have to work a full-time job you don't really like? I currently take care of and support two of my younger siblings.

Can't afford to work less hours, but never seem to have the time or energy to work on projects that might get me out of my job that I don't like. &gt;&gt; 9:00 p.m. to 12. That's the big takeaway here. This is going to be a platform I'm going to play on next year. 9:00 p.m. to 12:00 p.m. is your time.

And if someone says, "I'm too tired." Well, then then that's that. Then live in it. How many people here are living in this room? And then everyone, say me, how many people here are living doing certain things that they wish they weren't, but they feel obligated for family reasons or just living a life? Who feels obligated? Say me. Me. Okay, I have a funny feeling every single person's gonna say me.

There's not one person on earth. &gt;&gt; There's not a single It's called being grown. It's called you're not seven anymore. And even that, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man. I LIVED THAT. THAT'S WHY I GOT COMFORTABLE with it. I hated school. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You know why I'm why I'm ready for life?

Cuz I hated school. I lived my whole childhood waking up Monday morning be like this Monday. Well, this Monday back in the day I was pumped because I was like Christmas [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] break's a week away, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know. But like, man, the Monday that's coming up on the back end of Christmas break, Monday, January 7th. Shoot me. I was like, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this. What is this? Of course you don't have time.

Of course you're taking care of siblings. You're a normal human being that has responsibilities. Who here has no responsibilities? [laughter] Who here in the chat has no responsibilities? Say no. And you know what's funny? Someone who has no responsibilities as a grown-up is the most depressed because their mom and dad are taking everything for them and they feel like losers. What are we talking about in here, friends?

Life is about enjoying the unenjoyable. Life is about enjoying the unenjoyable. feel pride in what you do for everyone else. 900 PM to 12 in the morning is not enjoyable for most to get out of it. But that's what this is about. Get out of it by using social media. We got lucky. Your grandma was stuck.

YOUR GRANDPA WAS STUCK. THEY DIDN'T HAVE THE INTERNET. THEY DIDN'T HAVE SOCIAL MEDIA. You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] CAN MAKE ONE VIDEO AT 10:15 TOMORROW NIGHT THAT changes the course of your life. We have nothing to complain about. If you're ON [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] TIKTOK AT 10:16 IN THE MORNING WATCHING MY ASS, YOU NEED TO SHUT THE [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] UP. I can't be doing this. I can't be doing this.

I can't do what all 1300 of you are doing right now. I can't just watch some random [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude at 10:16 on a weekday for enjoyment or value. I don't live that life. I haven't done that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] since I was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 18. So, you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good. You won. I don't know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're DOING RIGHT NOW, BUT I DON'T KNOW HOW THE [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] YOU'RE doing it. You won.

You have a smartphone. Yeah, motherhood. Damn is right. You're winning, man. I'm pumped. Who's pumped this morning? Are you like, do you understand how good this is? Andrew says, "I'm watching this at work." Yeah, but you're not working.

You're watching this. I [laughter] know where the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you are. I ain't crashing out, B. I'm getting hyped. Like, I'm watching this at work. No [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But when I work, I work. I don't watch [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Gary Vee on TikTok. Yeah, you guys are winning.

You guys are winning. Today is one of the biggest opportunities of all time in your life to change your life. And thank you for being with me this morning. I am desperate out here. I'm going into desperation in my 50s. I decided 50 to 60. I'm going desperate. I'm desperate for all of you to figure out this is real.

I can't believe this shit's real. I can't believe how life is so good. I can't believe live shopping is here. You could sell How many of you have dumb [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in your house? How many of you have a bunch of dumb [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in your house that you don't need anymore? Clothes, electronics. Who's got dumb [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Sell it on on an auction site or here like live shopping. THIS, BY THE WAY, YOU DON'T WANT TO BUY THIS pinned garyve.

Attention. Gary, you going to be in more movies like Tron? I might, Joel. I might become a huge actor. By the way, with AI coming, I think I'm going to be a huge rapper. I think AI music is going to be for every I think everyone's going to be in the music business with the way AI is going. And I have a funny feeling my words translate. I don't know what I'm going to do, but I'm going to do it.

Oh, I like that. Right. I don't know what I'm going to do, but I'm going to do it. That's good. I've never said that before either. I have no clue where like if you think I thought I was going to act, I didn't. But I'm going to do everything cuz why not? What are we doing out here?

We have it so good. And yet everybody wants to think it's so bad. I want to do standup comedy. I agree. Minded mood. You know what's funny? I'm I have a good sense of humor and I'm very good at improv. I think there's a lot of work for me to be good at standup.

Like doing jokes. I'm not sure. I got to really think it through. When I give keynotes, I can like mix it in. And I've got tendencies. I've got standup tendencies, but I don't have standup discipline. Yeah. Yeah.

Like, you got to really work at it. But I might do some standup. I don't know. All I know is that you guys, life is good. And you got it good. Alina says you'll get better. You're damn right I will. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pumped out 70s this weekend on the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] flatbench 70s five times and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dominated it.

That's a nice number. &gt;&gt; Right. You guys are bigger. Like, what do you do? &gt;&gt; That's what I'm doing right now. &gt;&gt; What do you do? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, your chest looks humongous.

Like, right. &gt;&gt; Yeah, bro. I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] seven years ago, like 25s, I was dead. &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. I had no muscles. Like, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] put in work. Like, and that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doesn't come natural to me. And I'm not naturally built [clears throat] for it.

You You're naturally thicker than I am. It's hard. Like, I'm thin as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't have the natural [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chest. You came out the womb with a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chest train. [laughter] All right, let's keep going. &gt;&gt; I saw your recent post about social shopping. Is it really realistic to make that kind of money you said? And what is the best way to start?

You're the best, Gary. &gt;&gt; The best way to start is to find something to sell and to go live and do it. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] real, man. Live shopping is going to be massive. All of you are going to be super pumped. Lando, big shout out to you. You're all going to be super pumped. I remember listening to you on Uber Eats seven years ago, Mr.

Beats. Thank you. Like, this is real. All of you, all of you can do this. Uh, the book's available in Asia Pursue Grace. Uh, Samantha French, thank you. I'm telling all of you, you can all do this. You can all do this.

Live shopping is going to be a monster. Live shopping is a [clears throat] huge opportunity in 26,27. But it takes discipline. It takes work. It's, you know, it's there, but it's hard. But every friends, every single thing that is worth it is hard. Love is hard. Relationships is hard.

Being healthy and strong is hard. Making money is hard. We have to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fall in love with hard. How the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do we not understand this? Go ahead. &gt;&gt; I was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] over by my mom about the inheritance of our apartments. All my plans of having passive income are crushed. I'm 37.

How do I recover from this knockdown? &gt;&gt; Easy. Take that anger and despair and negativity and turn it into positive fuel. Hold no resentment towards mom. Move on and just go cook. You're a grown ass man. Being mad about something you didn't even earn is some crazy ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, THIS IS ON VIDEO FOREVER. Anyone who cries and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and moans and complains about inheritance is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Crying and complaining about something you didn't even earn.

What do I see you need to do? Man the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. You're 37 and you're a kid. You could do this. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do whatever the person that was going to leave you then. I I can't tell if it was the grandpa or the grandma or the mom. I don't know the details here. Do what the person that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] earned that real estate did and earn your own [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Rely on no one but yourself.

Are you serious? People People crying and mad at people for inheritance. Are we really at that place where we're crying and mad at people for some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we didn't even do? I need to be yelled at every morning like this. Healing peace. Thank you. I'm not even like I'm just You know what's so funny? No.

And you know me. What's the person's name? &gt;&gt; Johnny. &gt;&gt; Johnny. Johnny. No judgment. I'm not mad at you. I don't think you're a loser.

That was me giving love. That was love. Johnny, how you crying? Like if Johnny was my best friend. Get over here, Ra. Just get over here. I'll just reenact. If Johnny was my best friend and we were just we're just hanging and you were like cry about it.

Be like, "Damn, my mom. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. Yeah. Like, dude, I'd be like, "Dude, you didn't earn that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anyway, Johnny. &gt;&gt; Why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] were you entitled to that in the first place? You got this, bro. You could do this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Stop crying." &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right, bro.

Good. [clears throat] That's it. Like, what are we talking about? We're crying about [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that we didn't even earn. That's some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] One more question. &gt;&gt; I'm 31 years old. I work a comfy corporate job that I don't mind. &gt;&gt; How old?

31 &gt;&gt; young. &gt;&gt; Um, a great pay and benefits, but I am very lit up and passionate about real estate investing. I want to do that full-time. It's not even about the money for me. I just love it. I have a three unit rental property and have successfully flipped one house that made me 30k. Wow. &gt;&gt; I'm about to flip another one.

How do I know when to make the quit my job? &gt;&gt; Now you're 31. You could go back and get a cushy job in the future if you fail. Friends, you can always get another job. I know everyone's trying to scare you and say AI is taking every job. AI is not taking every job. People that use AI are taking every job. Just like people that used the computer in the 80s and 90s became more valuable employees than ones that didn't.

Could you imagine trying to be an employee in a company right now where you don't use a computer? How about the people that took jobs in the late 90s, early 2000s? People that use the computer and the internet. Could you imagine the audacity to walk into here at Vayner on my team and say you don't use a computer? Next, you use a computer, but you don't use the internet. How about next the mobile device? How about what do you think would happen if you came here and said, "I want to work with you. You know how we work, but I don't use mobile devices." How do you think that would work?

That's all AI is doing, at least in the short term. AI is pretty big. There's more to come, but you can always get another [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] job. She's ready. You know, a lot of people dream. She acted. She's already sold and made a 30k profit. She's got another one brewing.

She's 31. She needs to jump yesterday. She needs to quit today. Her res resignation needs to happen now. Everybody, I am jumping off right now. You never miss one of these shows. I don't want you miss. I'm going crazy in 2026.

We're going to be doing this every time I'm in New York in the morning. I'm going to be midday streams. I got this no whining with Gary Vee wine show in the evening. I'm going crazy on live streaming in 26. Say it. Bye.
