# PSEBZmO7oos

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSEBZmO7oos

---

The only reason I think I've been successful in business is I know that business doesn't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about my feelings. I'm going to stand up for this cuz I got excited. AI is so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] big that it's like almost hard to like break it down. Like whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you think it is, it's crazier. AI getting really strong and voice devices are going to really confuse people. For example, the Alexa in your home. And I know a lot of people like shut it off because they're like, "It's spying on me." I'm like, "That's fine." Um, like like Jeff Bezos doesn't give that much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about you, by the way. Um, but I think that when you come home and like this is the world I see when you walk into your kitchen and you're like, "Alexa, uh, my son is having a sleepover tonight.

Three friends are coming over. One's lactose intolerant, one's gluten-free. Uh, two of them loves spicy food and one kid is Persian, and I'd love for him to feel at home. Can you please order dinner for all of us? We're going to eat at 7:30 tonight. Uh, thanks. When that then takes that and orders from four different places and delivers you a perfect meal in what I just said for real, you have to understand then in that scenario, Amazon has all the leverage cuz it's going to decide where that sale is going to go. That's called not having brand.

Alexa, can you send me a pizza tonight? I have 20 people over. That's different than Alexa, send me Pizza Hut tonight. I've got 20 people. Got it. &gt;&gt; We are going into a place where all that's been happening over the last forever, but accelerating the last 30, 40 years, is we choose convenience over everything. There are people here that are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broke ordering [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] $28 bagels on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Seamless. That's how much we give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about convenience.

Even when we can't afford stuff, we'll pay for time. AI is going to make everything convenient. You're going to have AI agents shop for you in the background. Like, you have no idea how big this is going to be. And so, if you're not a brand, the human is not going to choose you. You're going to choose it generically. You're going to talk and make decisions based on general principles. I need sneakers versus I need Reebok.

I need pizza versus Pizza Hut. I need business advice versus I need business advice from Gary Vee. Brand is the only thing left &gt;&gt; in a world of technology at scale and that's what's going to happen. &gt;&gt; Wow. So in that example there, what you're saying is because when you that example of AI, if if they don't know your brand, but you're basically leaving it up to whoever, let's example Amazon to decide. &gt;&gt; Whoever sits in the middle, whoever's the toll booth wins, right? Seamless comes in and now it has leverage. Uber Eats has leverage.

You're not ordering direct from the restaurant because we all remember if you're over 40, you remember like literally having a menu in your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kitchen drawer, getting the phone number, calling the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] place. Kids, it was wild. Now we love an Uber Eats or a Seamless that's so much faster. That's going to feel in 15 years the way it felt to call a restaurant and stay on hold because AI is going to do it for you in a way that's we're going to be so connected. You're going to be wearing devices of your health. The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] device is going to order you food based on how you're feeling that minute. Friends, you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] robots. You just don't realize it yet.

I'm being dead serious, brother. In 15 years, I believe most of us will be wearing some form of health device, and that device is going to order us dinner, not us. And we're going to love it. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; So, what happens in that sense? You're not making the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] choice. You're not deciding to go to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Luigi's tonight and get pasta. But if you love Luigi's enough or you give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] enough, you will override.

We still are not like completely helpless to this technology but I don't think people realize how few things they give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about and that is going to play out and that is where all the opportunity and all the vulnerability is as all of you game plan for the next 10 years. &gt;&gt; So on that on that note the crowd is like dead silence. &gt;&gt; Well people are like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are the rob They're like Gary are the robots going to kill my kids? Yeah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Better be ready. [laughter] So, in a example there, uh let's can you break it down a little bit into what someone should be doing then? Uh cuz whether this is 5 years off, 10 years off, I'm I'm sick and tired of you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] being right and being like, I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know, maybe. And then I'm getting my ass handed to me 5 years later on some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [laughter] &gt;&gt; Well, it's a it's a big deal. Like like let me give you an example.

Uh, who's in real estate here? Hands. Have you guys seen what happened to the company in Portugal that created an AI bot and did 100 million in sales? Anybody aware of that? Make some noise. [cheering] &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. My friends, this isn't coming. This is here.

&gt;&gt; I really need you. Listen, this is this is super important. We are by nature as humans hypocrites. You're going to go home tonight and scold your children about get educated. It's important to have knowledge this that and the other thing. And meanwhile this AI thing is happening and you're putting your head in the sand. What should everyone do tonight? They should go home and start the journey of spending 50 to 100 hours of research time on what's going on in AI and what does it mean for their business.

And how do you do that? You do that by actually using AI. Download Chat GBT and be like, "Chad GBT, what does AI mean to real estate?" You know, like we've got to put in the work. This is coming and it's coming fast and it's disrupting everything and it's just going to be the same old movie. Some people here are winning on social, but they don't want to learn a whole new thing like AI or this. Again, this is just the way it is. And so, I think that I think people are very naive to what's going on out there. Let me give you another one.

Everybody now wants to be a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] influencer, right? Well, bad news. Virtual influencers are coming and they're going to win. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of people here already following someone who's not actually a human being. They don't even realize it. That's how good the tech is. &gt;&gt; I've dated seven of them online. &gt;&gt; And by the way, on that joke, in Japan, this is very advanced VTubers.

There are people in Japan that are married to virtual people. &gt;&gt; Married. Forget about like getting tricked and it's like an only fans thing. No, no, no. All the way. I am married to a person that doesn't exist. Most of the people in this room will have a grandchild who will date a nonhuman. &gt;&gt; Thank you.

See you NEXT TIME. &gt;&gt; BUT you know what's funny about that moment? Like what? Like when you like I you know what my favorite moment is when I say something like that right now so many people in the audience were like no way Gary no and then I remind them that you do understand that if we went to your great great grandparents grave right now because there's some new technology and we can rebirth them by putting a little pill in it or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and sprayed the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing and they popped up and they let's say that existed. If we all went to our great great grandparents grave right now, sprayed it, they popped up, they're alive, they would [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] want to go back into the ground [laughter] because the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that we're living blows their mind. &gt;&gt; Like, like people are Listen, I was an atrocious student, but I was good at history. And I never understood why I liked it until I got older where I realized how much I rely on it to make my decisions. The reason I end up being right when I do predictish is because I ground myself in history.

Let me give you an example. I know a lot of you don't know this, but it would help you understand why I see the world the way I do. When electricity was invented, do you know that most people were scared to put it into their home and continue to use candles because the word on the street was there were demons in the electricity? And do I have to remind some of the 40 and over crowd here who said they would never give up their Blackberry cuz it had buttons on it. &gt;&gt; That one hurt. &gt;&gt; That was I did that one. &gt;&gt; And and again over 40-year-old crowd let these 20-year-olds know the stigma of online dating in 2003 4 5 6 people met on match.com and lied how they met because it was so embarrassing. Now it's the only way people do it.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. My friends, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] changes whether you like it or not. And if when I think about coming to things like this, I always think about like how do I bring value? Like why do why do people want to continue to listen to me? People paid people stayed to the end. How do I bring value? If I can bring you any value, it's that if you say the word no in business, you're already in trouble. The only word if you're a no person that you're allowed to change that to is maybe.

Because so many of you are going to lose or limit your upside because you're addicted to the word no. And that is the most dangerous word in business. With technology, you must with consumer trends, with the way the world moves, you must be committed to maybe. Not yes. That's where you get in trouble the other way, too. You get too ahead of yourselves. And no has value in other places, protecting your time, keeping you away from things. But when it comes to what's happening in the world, you can't use no.

And so many of you love to use excuses to not do new [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Do you know what was the big one last year, two years ago? Everyone's like, "Oh, Gary, Tik Tok. I can't do it." [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] China. You know, people love to do some USA American [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pride to disguise your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lazy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a crouch. &gt;&gt; That's a true American trait right now. We're lazy. Yeah, &gt;&gt; we're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] soft cuz we've had too much prosperity.

You must go do your 50 to hour 50 to 100 hours of AI research or it will [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. [applause]
