# rsiLl1_6-yA

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsiLl1_6-yA

---

Adding a collectible to the core thing you're selling, whether it's cereal or a t-shirt or a hat, I think is going to be a massive trend. Cracker Jacks going back a hundred years, put little toys in the box, cereal. You see Hershey's did something or recently with Pokémon sold out fast. Little mini Laboos inside this. Like using collectibles to sell stuff. The serial toy sideification of everything I think is a real opportunity and one that a lot of people are going to do and are going to be successful with. Everybody, thank you for joining. I'm here to answer your questions.

Tea with GaryVee 102. We're going to get this cooking. Thank you, Gary. Since 2019, you saved my life. Autism Dad Awareness. I love you. That's very kind. All right, let's rock and roll.

We're out of the questions. Let's go. &gt;&gt; First question is, what's what's uh Severe Flores? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; What's live shopping advice for a local florist that only delivers within 20? um that you go live on these live shopping platforms with a product you can ship nationally, but then you make so she can she can pick anything. She can make she can sell non-live flowers. She could see friends everything in life when people say no is actually maybe.

So let me break this down. You're a florist and you're local. Makes sense that Tik Tok shop. Everybody in the chat right now, city, state, country, go. So, it would make sense, team, that a local florist might not be able to do what I'm doing right now and, you know, achieve what they want. Look at everybody. Everyone's all over the place. Southern Illinois, Sarasota, uh, California, Sanford, Texas.

That doesn't make sense. Or does it? What if she bought or had a baze for flowers that she could ship nationally? Now she can go live, right? Everybody pay close attention everybody. If you have a local business that you sell stuff, services, haircuts, lawnmowers, be you know services are not ready for live shopping. By the way, all these platforms are eventually going to create local gating for services. Like if you're a barber, you can go live and it's only showing to people within a five mile.

Like you can toggle that. That'd be awesome. And that's going to happen. I think I would if I was Tik Tok do that. But nonetheless, she can create a vase that she can ship anywhere. But when while she's selling like everybody check out my vase and she's bringing value like I'm doing now. Hey, let me tell you how to actually trim flowers. Let me tell you how to Hey everybody, this morning I'm telling you all how to keep your Did your hubby surprise you last night?

Let me tell you how to keep your flowers. Did you Did you buy flowers for yourself? boys and girls, let me tell you how to get three weeks out of it instead of the normal three days, people. And she breaks down and she's doing her floor stuff. She's like, by the way, in the store right now, everybody, pinned to the bottom is my vase. We can ship this out. I highly recommend it. It's made this way.

It's this is why it's good. But while she's doing that, Sid, every 20 minutes, she's like, and to remind you all, I'm in Short Hills, New Jersey. So, if you're in a 20 mile radius, link in bio. I'm happy to work with you. So what's happening there, Sid, is she's created a national product that has given her justification to be live that allows her to sell a local product on the occasional local opportunity. Look what I'm about to do next year with Wine Library. Wine Library, my dad's liquor store that ships to 30 states and services New Jersey local. Alcohol is not ready for live.

I could be like w or I could do what I'm gonna do as you guys know which is stand up the food but and the glassear but while Brandon and the team are selling glassear they're also going to be able to say hey check out wineex you know coom you know and so that's going to be a show where they're just selling glassware but what we're really doing is onboarding people got it link in bio link in bio link in bio link in bio How many people got what I did there? Little Elvis. How many people got like, do you see what's happening? I'm What I also like is I'm think I'm sl I decided this morning I was going to slow down by 20%. I get too excited on TikTok Live. I'm too overstimulated. I'm over stimmed. There's too many people in the chat and I love them all.

All I want to really do is talk to Samantha Cook and Joseph J and Klo who just joined Kola Chance and Nora and all these people. All I really want to do is jam with them, but I'm going to slow it down so I can give you deeper answers like I just did. I got to slow it down. &gt;&gt; In that scenario of life shopping, at which stage would you recommend they go beyond flowers and they start doing merch? Because flowers, for example, it's such a great market to do caps, sweaters, all those things. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I mean I think everybody here, for example, again, if you're a barber or a landscaper, getting into merch allows you to now be on live and 3 to 5% of the audience, 1% of the audience might actually be local enough. How about this?

How many people here have a relative somewhere else? How about that? Here's a good one. How many people have a relative somewhere else? I think you know where I'm about to go, which is like now the barber's got, you know, a hat. Plus, a barber has clippers. A barber has shaving. By the way, talk about needing a shave.

You know, a barber has other things. A landscaper could, if she or he wanted to, they could be a Tik Tok affiliate to sell weed grower like killer, grass growing clipper. You could. But more importantly, while they're talking, they might reach someone that likes them on live right now that lives in in Chicago. They might be doing landscaping in Orlando, Florida, but that Chicago person might have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] first cousin in Orlando and says, "You got to check this guy out." Does everybody understand what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] word of mouth is? Does everybody understand what free exposure is? Like, do people understand? Like, do you all understand this morning?

The world is small. It's such a great comment, Samantha. The world can be very small. How many people watching right now have no idea who the hell I am? No clue. No clue. Bruno, thank you for joining. Leah Cohen, thank you.

Mr. Paul Wise, Alana Miller, like, you know, when you go live, you're just randomly meeting new friends. Who's a new friend of mine right now? Who's a new friend of mine right now? Who's a new friend? Ariel de Jesus, thank you. Bruno, thank you. Big Rich, good to see you, my guy.

JS Masks, Danny Savage is new. I'm an old friend. Let's go, Leslie. Right. These are just new friends. Look at all these new friends. Romero, we're just new friends. New friends.

DK Art says, "I'm a I'm getting dressed. I'm a nude friend, not a new friend." I like that. People are clever up in this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] All right, let's keep it going. Let's answer some questions. &gt;&gt; In a world where everyone wants autonomy, but you want responsibility, how do you build a culture where your team holds each other accountable, not just waits for you to step in? &gt;&gt; By being a dictator, by being a leader, by having canderous conversations with here's my whole team. And I'm like, if I wanted you all to be accountable, I'd be like, yo, I want you all to be accountable. I know you're laughing, Sim, because it's simple here.

Here's what she's really asking. Or he she, right? She. My question to her is, is she willing to deliver the verdict on the consequences when people aren't delivering? You three know. I've been making decisions. I could dwell in like, oh, I don't like what Braden and Sid and Train are doing. I can communicate it and be like, hey, I can let, and by the way, I play it different all the time.

You guys know this. Sometimes I'm willing to let it slide, people have misposted things. People have forgotten to do things. People have done it the wrong way. Things happen, right? I can decide if I want to create consequences or not. leaders, it's on you. Yes.

Everybody wants it to be easier consciously or subconsciously. Somebody said, "Get some sleep, brother." No, dude. I'm 50, bro. This is just happening now. I'm not doing I'm not going to do the thing and I don't have the light. And like, bro, I I'm getting sleep. I'm on that 7 8 N. This is just 50y old life here.

Um, you know, leaders, you're in charge. Leaders, you're in charge. leaders, you're in charge &gt;&gt; and be assuming that everyone wants autonomy. Some people agree one direction. &gt;&gt; No, but I think she's not wrong. Like like employees and I have unlimited employees. Employees talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Employees talk that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I mean I I know all of like you this room has talked [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about bosses they've had, you know? Like I'm kidding.

I'm kidding. I'm joking. But what I'm saying is there's no way on earth you think everything that I do is right, which is appropriate because it's true. So anyway, to her, she's in charge. And I would always say cut the cancer out. If that's a team of seven or eight, inevitably often, if the whole thing's not working, there's a root cause. It's either Sally or Ricky. Somebody's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up.

Next question. I feel like I did everything right in life and still ended up here. When the future feels brutally uncertain, how do you stay mentally present and keep living with meaning instead of being consumed by fear? &gt;&gt; I'm so sorry, brother. You're dealing with this. I mean, I think the answer is very simple here, which is you have to lean into complete focus on maximizing every day. If we're in advanced cancer mode, of course, fear is going to seep in. doing everything right unfortunately has no impact on predisposed genetic diseases and just the way you know life is I think incredibly fair in every aspect of life except one the randomization of disease or tragedy ly first of all I love you bro I send you nothing but prayers I wish you nothing but a remarkable turnaround but brother if you're asking me and this is a very humble one man's opinion this is incredible tough territory for me to speak on, but I would say you just got to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] enjoy every day period in the story.

And that's just good overall advice. But what you know for life and I do think people struggle with that. I think so much of my platform is trying to get people to simplify and realize life is good. Um but but in this circumstance, you've really got to lean in. You've really got to lean into that. So heavy prayers for you, my brother. The video is up. Cool.

All right, let's keep it going. &gt;&gt; I'm over 30 and have a question. How do we best dose being silly and playful while being a serious adult? I'm under the impression that we lose more and more of the childlike behaviors, behavior privileges as years go by because most people don't see me as socially acceptable. &gt;&gt; By tuning out the noise, like I'm silly and playful now. 50 by just living, by tuning out the noise. It's not super complicated. I don't know why everyone here continues to overvalue the opinions of others.

We talk about this on a daily, right? I, you know, I don't know what to say. Like, either you're going to live your life based on other people's opinions or you're not. And in fact, you know this, one of the things I'm very focused on in 2026 is to talk about people leaning more into childish behavior. I think more silliness, I think more play, I think more fun, I think is something people really need to hear. I I think a lot of pe like for example like board games these next two weeks with the family good like games silly jokes like I mean man I don't know like standup comedy comedians really fascinate me because I think they're a reflection of society they either get to the top from darkness we all know that a lot of comedians ironically unfortunately are very dark they use standup they use comedy to like deal with their demons and that's why we have so much suicide and alcohol ism and drug use. And we all know that, right? We know.

We can name a lot of historically amazing um comedians who really used comedy as their disguise and their escapism from their darkness. And eventually eventually the truth comes out. And then you have the other side. We had a comedian and a childish like human just have their hundth birthday. You know, the Betty Whites, the George Carlins, and now Dick Van Djk just got to 100. Joy, laughter and joy in play is massive. And when it comes from a place of good, not as a place of disguise and as a offset or a way to deal with the dark, it will get you to a very happy long life. I am positive.

I'm no doctor. I've done no research on this. Let me say it nice and slow. I am positive how much you laugh and how much you smile has a direct correlation on your lifespan. I am positive. Somebody said, "How does a guy stay happy wearing a jet jersey thing like that?" Very easy. You're looking at a man who likes the losing. You're looking at a man who likes the losing.

I grew up a Yankees fan and they won once and I stopped caring. Joey B, I'm gonna try. I don't know. 20 years. Let's keep it going. &gt;&gt; Mike Rossi asks, "Uh, do you respond to rude comments or just block the poster?" &gt;&gt; You know, if it's something super disgusting and it's upsetting people in the chat on comments, as you guys know, we leave it and I respond occasionally in live. Sometimes people are just really distracting everybody from it. So, they once in a while I think the mods will block.

By the way, Tik Tok itself is blocking people now, right? So, um, but I don't I don't mind judgment. I don't mind misunderstanding of me. I don't mind hate towards me. I approach it with empathy and compassion and sympathy. If somebody has a need at 9:41 in the morning Eastern or even earlier in the rest of the US or if it's midday in Europe, if if they have a need to come here and and and spew darkness, they're just in a bad place. Like on December 19th in the holiday spirits, if you're waking up this morning at 9:41 in the morning and you're coming into this chat or someone else's post or another chat and you're spewing hate, how could I be mad at you? You're my brother.

You're my sister. You're my fellow human. I feel bad for you. I definitely don't feel bad for me. This is the thing that I wish haters knew. That real winners love when you spew it. I want to be booed. If haters understood what their hateful comments were actually doing to a real winner.

Now, there's a lot of insecure people that are fugazy and they're fake. happy and winning and a hateful comment really hurts them. But if haters and trolls and the hurt understood what their hateful comments did to actual winners when they do it, it would really depress them. They'd be really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sad, you know? It's just embarrassing. Like I don't know like be I go from compassion, empathy, love. I'm like damn I wish I hope they keep you know my mind I hope they stay. That's why when everyone's like should we block them and like keep them here.

Let them stay and see what love and hope and accountability and ownership and can do can mean. But then the next feeling after a little while if you know I'm just a human too. If it sustains just gets into like embarrassing. And not that my judgment should carry any weight on them, but like that's what I feel. I definitely don't feel like, "Oh, they were right. I'm sad. I'M SAD." THAT AIN'T IT. Everybody understand?

Friends, do not let negative comments, people that are hurting affect you. It's not about you. It's about them. Instead of being so egotistical and selfish and narcissistic and being like about you, why don't you show some heart and love and feel bad for them? I feel bad for you if you leave negative comments. I have love for you. I'm I'm sad. And you f friends, good news.

Who's new here? Who's literally here for the first time ever? You've never hung with me before. Say first time ever. I've got good news for you. You found the positive, practical part of the internet. You found it. This is the PP corner.

You found the PP corner of the internet. Positive and practical. You found the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] PP corner of the internet. This is the POSITIVE AND PRACTICAL. IT'S POSITIVE, but it's practical. I'm not going to help you. You're going to help you. I'm not a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] politician that's going to trick you that like, oh, you can't do it, but I got you.

I'm going to take care of it. I'm going to take care of it for you. Vote for me. I'm going to take care of it for you. &gt;&gt; I'm not going to take care of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for you. I'm going to give you an insight or a perspective or an idea, but you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] got to do something. I could tell you to do push-ups. It's good.

Are you going to do it, man? I love you all. I'm really happy. Let's get to THE NEXT QUESTION. YEEHA! WITH THE COWBOY [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] HAT. Let's go. Would you rather make $120,000 a year that work fully remote or $240,000 a year going to office 5 days a week?

A lot of the discourse has been around the fact that Gen Z is more like working from home for less pay. Older generations are choosing to go into office. Is there something you would add to that combo and like people considering that? &gt;&gt; Me Gary, first of all, both answers are fine and right. Both answers and debate on the 122 240 are fine and correct. I would do 120 and go into the office. How about that twist? Let me explain what I mean by that.

Meaning of those two things, the thing that matters to me the most is not the 240 or the 120 from or from work from home. I need people. You know how many Jenzers have figured out they need people? Braden's about to go back to North Dakota and have like he wants to be back with his family and his people. But it's going to be interesting to see whether he likes being here or not. My intuition is I know him well enough he liked it. It's gonna be it's gonna be awesome that he's home. It's going to be awesome that you know his dollar goes further in North Dakota than here.

You know there's gonna be a lot of awesome. But I think and I can see your body language. You're agreeing with me. The one thing we're worried about is is it going to be lonely? I feed off people. There's a By the way, there's a ton of boomers that want to make 120 and be at home because they're introverted. They like it quiet. They like their home.

They want to take care of their kids. All correct. There's a lot of Gen Zers that want to be in the office, too. Like, it's like, this is not a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm so tired of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] boomer and Gen Z thing. I'm so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tired of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Why do we think this is appropriate? Why do we think it's appropriate to bucket all Gen Zers and all boomers in one thing? That'd be like, you know, all black people are and all women are and all Jews are and all this. Like, what are we [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doing here?

Enough of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] As if these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] politicians haven't gotten you to hate each other for religion and race and gender and financial status, they had to throw another one in there for you. &gt;&gt; We should hate each other based on when we were [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] born. &gt;&gt; I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pissed about this, actually. So, let me say it nice and slow if you don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get it. There's unlimited [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Gen Zers that want to be in the office 5 days a week cuz they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] feed off other people and they learn through osmosis. And there's unlimited [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] boomers that want to work from home because they want to take care of their kids or they like their little office or they like their kitchen enough. There's no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like right answer. And oh, by the way, let me throw a real curveball at you.

How about you do two years from home and then you're like, "Ah, I miss it. I want to go back to New York." You could change your mind. Brendan can text me in 19 months and be like, "I want to do two more years in a row in New York and then I'll come back again." He's a youngster. You could change your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mind. Let's go 3SD 3D printing. Finally, a day off when Gary Vee is live. I respect that. Works and doesn't consume me and wants to consume me on their day off.

You're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] winner. That's a winner. All right, let's keep it going. Was it a 240 120? Oh, me personally. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that it's not that I I would take the I would take the 120 in an office cuz I I would die at home &gt;&gt; by myself. It was 240 and an office. 124.

&gt;&gt; Got it. I would take the 240 in office, but I give back the 120 out of Yeah. I it is what? No. No. Like like Yeah. Like like sure it's I'm not going to like whatever. But like &gt;&gt; I need the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I would take one if if all of if I would take the if they flipped it and said 240 at home and 120 in the office, I would be 120 in the office.

How about that? I need people, man. That's what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you think I'm doing here? What do you think I'm doing here right now? Like people are like, "Oh, Gary, some people showing up here like the fall off. Gary's the falloff cuz it's like why does he need to do this? I need this for my soul, not for my money, &gt;&gt; dick face. &gt;&gt; I need this for my soul.

I have so much to give." Has anybody had a positive moment during this stream this morning? Has anybody had an aha or a self-reflection or a Yeah, he might be right. Or like a self-awareness or decided to point their thumb at themselves. Has anybody had anybody had a breakthrough like a hm, he might be right, actually. What do you think we're doing here? Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Steve. Jesus Christ. This shit's crazy.

Is that the mindful makawa? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Tik Tok is just bananas. All right, keep it let's keep it going. &gt;&gt; So, I'll ask what's the first thought in your mind when their alarm clock goes off every morning. &gt;&gt; Half the time it's like, ah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] already. Like, I love sleep. That's the craziest thing. A lot of people don't like I talk about it, but I don't think people really realize that I value sleep.

I need that recharge. I sleep well. I love it. I need sleep. I love sleep. I like sleep. I mean, this morning and it was rainy as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and gloomy as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And I was had to be at the gym 6:40 in the morning. I was here to midnight.

Like I'm like, like this morning the alarm clock went off and I my first thought was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Um, so most of the time when I wake up, it's like, darn, that's it. But I've noticed something. A lot of people, this is actually very, this is going to be very deep. How many of you Oh, God. A lot of pe, this is one hurts. I've learned in the last 10 years, a lot of people wake up unhappy. Like I never I'm like my mom always called me sunshine as a kid because every time I wake up so happy. Like I I wake up tired sometimes, but I'm in full like optimism and I'm happy.

There's a lot of people that really wake up unhappy. And if you live with someone who wakes up unhappy, it's a real drag, right? Like a relative or a spouse, you know, like I don't know. Like I I wake up super happy and optimistic, but once in a while um tired or like even when I'm not tired, I'm like, "Damn, I would I could I could use a little more sleep, you know, even when I get seven, eight, nine, 10." Even when I get 10 sometimes. Yeah, I get 10, especially on weekends. Um but I wake up happy and optimistic and and kind of like ready to like work, you know? That's the tr you know, that's I'm definitely like a farmer that way, you know. know I think I wake up like a farmer where it's like like I have no time in my mornings.

I'm usually working either in the definitely in the gym, but even when I'm not in the gym, like usually within 30 to 45 minutes of me opening my eyes, I'm on. Before I worked out, it was like within 30 minutes like wake up, poop, shower, phone call, work. Like I don't give myself a lot of grace in the morning. A lot of my wife, a lot of my family members, they like need real time in the morning. They like need two, three hours to like get into the day. I'm like on a full-fledged like call with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my Singapore office about like a major problem within 30 minutes of opening my eyes and I've pooped already and my poop takes 20 minutes. So think about that. It's fast out here.

I love you guys. Happy holidays. Let's keep it going. &gt;&gt; How does someone in the live shopping space? I'm still in a lot of shopping space because collectibility is stand out in their reach. &gt;&gt; I think collectibles is a huge trend. I think collectibles everyone is a huge trend and so you know like you know Cracker Jacks going back a hundred years put little toys in the box cereal. Um, you see Hershey's did something or recently with Pokemon sold out fast, you know, like little mini Laboos inside this.

Like using collectibles to sell stuff. Adding a collectible to the core thing you're selling, whether it's cereal or a t-shirt or a hat, I think is going to be a massive trend. the serial toy insideification of everything I think is a real opportunity and one that a lot of people are going to do and are going to be successful with. So, um, how come you don't have girls selling your stuff? We do. Court, Jess, we've got we've got we've got ladies selling the befriend stuff. Um, and and we'll have many more people selling next year and I'm sure we'll have boys and girls and aliens and dogs and you know other things. Yes, Sid, I see you want to sneak one in.

&gt;&gt; I became a macro influencer. This is from Lindo. &gt;&gt; I became a macro &gt;&gt; macro influencer on TikTok. You Gary. My question &gt;&gt; to Gary. &gt;&gt; Let's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go. &gt;&gt; My question is some successful influencers don't want to be creators forever. They want to be operators or directors.

If you were hiring today, what would you make? What would make you trust a former macro influencer to lead a function inside your company and how should they transition into leadership without being boxed in as the content person? &gt;&gt; Uh I would do it cuz I'm open as a boss to having conversation. You know this. I mean there's people in my company, you know this Sid well that have gone from being a creative to being account person, a project manager to being an analytics. The way you go about it is having an authentic conversation about what you can do. The question is who are you talking to? If you're talking to a close-minded boss who can't unsee you for what you are, like this is why I don't look at resumes.

I don't want to know what you used to do. I want to know what you want to do now. And we can have the conversation and that's that. So, I think that um this is more about who she's interviewing with than it has to do with how do you go about you talk about it being real. I think he I think his question is more around just like because he's a influencer on social and he's applying for a job y &gt;&gt; that's not about creating content. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; How does he position himself? &gt;&gt; I will give you the same answer.

Some people will ask him for an interview and when he shows up to the interview he's like hey I know about my creator stuff but let me tell you why I want to be sales or why like cuz he talks. The answer is you speak and you talk about what you want to do and you answer questions. a CMO of a massive company that's about to work with us was a football NFL cheerleader. How did she go from being a cheerleader of a football team to being the CMO, chief me marketing officer of a major company along the way, clearly when she transitioned from cheerleader to that first marketing and professional job, she had to make sure she wasn't boxed in. I assume she did that through her words. Someone took a chance or thought it was right. I'm sure she executed and that's that. How did I go from being a wine guy to being a business marketing guy?

I talked about it like a pirate. You say, you know, friends, life is just about execution and life's about understanding that you have to get nos. I have a funny feeling he will get 33 nos before he gets the 34th yes. Do you know how many of you break down and cry after one no? Do you know that not one person in the world would have ever achieved anything if they folded after 10 nos? let alone one. And you're folding at three. Oh, that was working.

Do you see? Like it looks like I was drinking it. All right, everybody. Thank you so much. I'll see you soon. See you.
