# rweBX3sO_8c

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rweBX3sO_8c

---

I have really bad news. It's going to go away. Let me explain. This is the only reason this is happening. This is the distribution. Bill Cosby, Michael Jackson, Madonna, those were the famous people. You had to go home and watch them. Advertising was expensive.

And Hollywood decided if you were on TV, social networks are free. You know how insane that is? But this is coming. And I don't know what's going to happen. Let me give you an example. [music] If Meta wins, I don't know what they're going to do. This is the gold rush of attention. It is not guaranteed.

It had never existed before where normal people like us had access to the entire world for zero dollars except the effort it took us to make content. So, if I'm right, how hard do you think you should go the next 5 to 7 years to build your brand? Very hard. And I don't know what it's going to be. Will the social apps be in there and we're just scrolling through? I don't know. I have a funny feeling it won't be exactly the same. So, real talk, it's coming.

So, my question for you is, I'm also a teacher and a parent, and I just gave my 30-day notice for my teaching job. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; I love what I do. &gt;&gt; Is that because of this all? &gt;&gt; Uh, essentially, yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, makes sense. &gt;&gt; Yes. Um, but what worries me is about I think that I'm so good at what I do because I'm in the dirt and I love coaching people and I love getting my hands in there and I'm I do onetoone consulting as well and I coach people with kid videos but like I'm worried about getting that hands-on experience still to keep myself fresh and also potentially use as content but then it's other people's children and so how that would work.

&gt;&gt; Well, I mean you can go generic. I talk about a lot of business meetings where I try to mask who I actually talk to. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. So you can go with thematics. You don't need to be like little Ricky Magcoo on 42nd Maple Street. Son of John, right? You could be like there was this little boy.

&gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You could even say there was a child. &gt;&gt; That's what I I do that now. But I mean like working like with a parent physically like I like like that aspect is what I'm worried about not having. &gt;&gt; Well, so do physical stuff. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You could create, for example, if you're saying you feel different physically than you do virtually in what you're doing. You could create a nonprofit component where people apply to work with you physically once a quarter for two people or 10 people just so you can taste it.

It could be content for you and it's a good give back or you could be a business, &gt;&gt; right? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Listen, what people will fly in for you. &gt;&gt; This goes back to your worth. Like, you know, like a lot of us didn't think somebody would pay $1,000 to talk to us for an hour. The next step is, wait, some right, somebody would fly in and spend three days with me. So, like, you can you can replicate that in a different way. &gt;&gt; It's kind of like everyone's argument with me in college.

I'm always bashing on college, especially if you're collecting debt and you're creative or entrepreneurial. Uh, and people are like, "Yeah, parents [clears throat] are really, really shook when I take a They're like, "Yeah, Gary, but what about the experience of like being around people and leaving home?" I'm like, "Go to Europe." &gt;&gt; You don't need to like You can replicate growing up at 18 to 22, not by getting into $100,000 in debt, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; You can just go get a job in Kansas City. &gt;&gt; You can go to Norway. Like, you can grow up. You You don't have to be a teacher to be in the trenches, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; You can replicate it in a different way. You understand?

&gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You can do boot camps. You can do summer like you could do a summer camp business. I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. You could do anything. &gt;&gt; Like an inerson summer camp. &gt;&gt; 100%. You might love that.

&gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You like that one, right? &gt;&gt; I do a lot. Isn't that good? &gt;&gt; Yes, I do. I like &gt;&gt; You like that? Give me some. That was a good one.

Yeah. [laughter] Appreciate it. [applause] &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, you That's why I use that college analogy. You're golden. I get why you value. By the way, I value it. It's why my agency crushes because of Gary Vee.

I'm the most practitioner of the craft, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Um, but you can replicate it. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Thank you, Gary. Yeah. For me, I had deleted Instagram for 4 years completely, non no social media at all. And then I decided I will start posting two times a day for two years straight.

&gt;&gt; Just like because I thought I just knew I had to do it. I don't know why. I &gt;&gt; You just sensed it. &gt;&gt; I just sensed it. And um yeah, &gt;&gt; it was hovering in your head for a long time or somebody said something somewhere and you just went. I just went because I heard it like everywhere and I was just like feeling like I cannot I cannot relate anymore [laughter] like I was missing. &gt;&gt; Got it. Got it.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. By the way, that's my big argument to like where the world like everybody trying to protect their kids from technology. I'm like by the time these 5-year-olds are 18, we're going to be in VR and AR glasses. Like you're like technology is coming in deeper. Not like but nonetheless. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I had an agency in Switzerland um doing website designs, branding, so I kind of had to &gt;&gt; I got it.

Got it. You're from a business stand now. I understand. &gt;&gt; Yes. And I just my husband and I, we had it together and he was absolutely against social media just for himself. &gt;&gt; Um so I had to do it and I did it and I saw that there was a big opportunity for mobile editing. &gt;&gt; Mobile editing. &gt;&gt; Mobile editing.

Yeah. Because um people just love the way that I edited my videos. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Um and I sense that it was was a market for it. Yes. &gt;&gt; Um and people were actually commenting under every single video, not about the content of the video, but how you edit it. I was like, okay, there's a market for it. Um, then I started a page called Mobile Editing Club where I wanted to teach that.

&gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; And then the whole AI wave came. I was like, "Okay, wait a second. Let me just try that." &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; I did try it and it just blew up. I had like 12 or 15,000 comments underneath it and I was like, "Okay, I think there's opportunity there." &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Um, and all of them wanted to like know how I did it. &gt;&gt; Yep.

&gt;&gt; So, um, we launched a $99 guide. Um, and in the stand challenge, we made 145K. So, we were top earlier. Woo. &gt;&gt; So, that [applause] was really cool. Um, and now we've even crossed six figures a month. &gt;&gt; Wow. A month.

&gt;&gt; A month. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And now we're at a point. [laughter] &gt;&gt; John got excited. &gt;&gt; And you were first too from China. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you were. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Go ahead.

Yeah, [laughter] but at the same time we got more than 1,000 project inquiries that we could not handle because at the moment it was just like my husband and I. &gt;&gt; And we we were like now at the point where we have project requests from like big brands that could be like it could bring a lot of credibility &gt;&gt; at the same time. We have the opportunity to launch more projects. Sorry, more yeah more products. &gt;&gt; And &gt;&gt; I would I understand. By the way, as you can imagine, I've lived a chapter of that. I think you just have to I obviously decided I'm going to monetize the boulders at Vayner X versus the pebbles of my community. &gt;&gt; I don't think there's a right or wrong.

I think everyone just has to play their game. &gt;&gt; You know, I I have monetized the pebbles through books or collectibles or wine. So, I got to a place where I did both. You will, if this keeps going and you keep doing a good job, you will do both. My intuition is you you may know this because you had an agency. I want you to build more leverage with the pebbles for a little bit longer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; The boulders are always there.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's like time sensitive at the moment like correct space. Everybody wants to learn it. &gt;&gt; I think the I my in you can always go to the boulders. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah.

Absolutely. &gt;&gt; So I in this exact moment with very little details but enough to make me usually I you can hear I'm like optionality. You can go hard like I like optionality. I don't think they're back to parenting, right? Like I don't think they're, you know, but I will say in this one, I think tripling down on the little pebbles. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; cuz your profile will get bigger. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right.

&gt;&gt; We're just Instagram right now. &gt;&gt; Correct. There's all the others and you'll just I my intuition is that the pebbles are the right way to go. But you could but if you're in the mood to take one big client because you and your husband want to &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Again, it's not a binary black and white, but my intuition is more pebbles. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then there's like um life events. people want to have live events.

&gt;&gt; Makes sense. &gt;&gt; So, it's kind of like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, yeah. I mean, look, I would argue my biggest challenge professionally is that I'm crippled by opportunity. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I'm crippled by real opportunity. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, you know, I would say that um you make choices.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, and um and then you live with them. As long as you're good at making choices that in hindsight were mistakes, &gt;&gt; as long as you can be that strong Yeah. &gt;&gt; then you're golden. Yeah. Okay. All right. &gt;&gt; Amazing.

Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; You're welcome. Of course. Of course. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Congrats. Quest the TikTok live question. So, like I haven't gone live in a hundred years and then I was doing a final push.

Um &gt;&gt; and I'm glad you said that. Like some of you have probably tried live like live wasn't good for a long time. Instagram live you go on, &gt;&gt; they ping your followers and then your number whatever your number is 100 and then a second later it's 12. I'm a thousand and then it's like 150. Like &gt;&gt; Tik Tok's the reverse. It's just keeping it just keeps giving you people that don't know you. &gt;&gt; It just keeps I'm What else do we want? &gt;&gt; Quality &gt;&gt; is &gt;&gt; like it because the algorithm is you heard her like &gt;&gt; sale to me is a micro commitment.

So why not put them into I'm sold on that. I'm just saying is is their algorithm like YouTube is so good at finding the right person. &gt;&gt; Is a real fire but it's good. &gt;&gt; People are interested. They'll just they'll swipe by for like a millisecond and then they stop cuz they're like oh you said the right word at the right second that they &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's a whole science. It's QVC. Like the reason they used to pull people after one show is like you didn't sell enough.

&gt;&gt; Like it's but here you don't get kicked off. You just keep refining. Come. &gt;&gt; So my question is pretty much pertaining to like in a space where people are just obsessed with education. Like I coach UGC creators to build personal brands to attract brand deals and there's a lot of information out there. So everyone's obsessed with education. &gt;&gt; If any of them want jobs, you should like I'm being dead serious. We you should talk to Sid.

We are just constantly hiring people here often with just enough UGC experience that we can teach them. &gt;&gt; We have a community of over 200 people and a mentorship for the &gt;&gt; connect. Like that's for all of you to know from touch like we're just hiring constantly. A lot of people like know pretty quickly they're like, "Oh, okay. I can really do this by myself or this is awesome. I'm good, but I need to go work somewhere for a couple years to get better." And like we're that place. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Anyway, my community is called Six Figures After Five.

And uh I built it because I built my business But then I eventually changed the meaning when I quit my job which was only 6 months ago or seven eight months ago now. &gt;&gt; Um and I changed the meaning to pretty mobile pretty much anyone a parent a student or whatever &gt;&gt; even a 5-year-old &gt;&gt; even there you go even a 5-year-old and uh from that &gt;&gt; I'm good at commercials &gt;&gt; from that logic I want to know I mean I try to give different value and this competition just forced me to just be myself. I'm like, am I if I'm aggressive, too aggressive for you, then I'm not your person. But &gt;&gt; I mean, you know, how many people here when they first came across me, I'd like to think you like me now, but first came across me, did not love it. &gt;&gt; Oh, I was obsessed with you. &gt;&gt; You say the delivery. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.

By the way, by the way, you you'll appreciate this. Whether it's the delivery, whether it's a word, whether it was the cursing, whether I was a white dude, like everything's allowed. It's a very binary question. &gt;&gt; Oh, some of my best friends are white. &gt;&gt; I got it. [laughter] But you know what I mean, right? So right that like that's very important that's very important because whether pe and you know I know for sure my personality is my whole life I moved multiple times it is full obsession or full [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you but I am who I am the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you especially like when I moved to like schools or if you knew me like give me 3 hours the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you goes wait a minute you know like cuz I am who I am online I don't get that luxury so that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you can stay for a while until I pop up in the algorithm with the right piece of content. or when someone that you trust really knows me and you're like, "Are you crazy?

Do you know this?" And then it's like, "Oh, wait a minute. Maybe I'm so you need to be you all the way." &gt;&gt; Oh, so yeah, I am now. Or more or less more. So even more. &gt;&gt; No, no. That &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Whatever is honestly I mean it whatever is still left. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

&gt;&gt; Know that that's the thing that has the most upside. &gt;&gt; Uh by the way, I apologize cuz I'm just helping everyone. Go look at the first 80 episodes of Wine Library TV. I was so scared that all the people that were buying hundreds of thousands of dollars of wine from me at the time would watch one of these videos and see that I was silly. So the first 80 of wine literally you got to go look at this at YouTube. The first 80 episodes of Wine Library TV, I'm chill. &gt;&gt; I'm like very straight. And then like out of nowhere, like episode 484, it's who you know.

&gt;&gt; And and literally the second I did that first episode of Who You Know was the rest of my life. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And and and it and by the way, what you saw from one 180 was me just I was, you know, just had my foot, you know, and like you clearly put more on and I'm just saying whatever's left &gt;&gt; and and that's what I do on the lives honestly more or less. &gt;&gt; And sounds like the lives are going well for you. So that's my other So so that's my other question like or my question but like in a literally in a space where there's so much education available how and people are talking about the same topics over and over again &gt;&gt; they want to hear from you. &gt;&gt; Well they're collecting education. How do you get them to actually &gt;&gt; by yelling at them more? &gt;&gt; So okay so I just have to keep doing what I'm doing.

Is that &gt;&gt; correct? Yes. Because I didn't know it was going to be the sixth one for her when I went &gt;&gt; Yeah. love raz passive aggressive direct to their face like you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] suck like give up on them make them come back like when you're obsessed like I am to get people there &gt;&gt; you're not in control &gt;&gt; you're only in controlling your effort and your ability to have different moves. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So I'll just keep it pushing then &gt;&gt; I've been pushing for 20 years. [laughter] &gt;&gt; No, that makes sense. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean?

Yeah. My &gt;&gt; my key for you is all the way cuz I I think there's a little bit left and I think it's the real thing. &gt;&gt; Give give that some thought. &gt;&gt; I will I have one final little tidbit. So right now um I push a lot of testimonial type of content cuz my students are like talking and whatnot. &gt;&gt; Do you think that that's still a smart move? Will people get exhausted? then people will get exhausted and I think people over time if you go just if you're too much of that content it's just &gt;&gt; it's not it's just like once in a while &gt;&gt; oh then you're golden I would say it's like food everything's good a little bit &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; you know if you were all if you were 90 80 70% testimonial it would feel too salesy but a little sprinkle of a testimonial it's pretty good &gt;&gt; all right &gt;&gt; really good value can you put like a little bit like testimonial so &gt;&gt; frequently Yeah.

Yeah. I would say that's why I wrote jab, jab, jab, right hook. Jab, jab, jab, right hook. Started writing for all of you in the world that were just selling in every post. And I was like, no, no, you have to give give value. You know who ended up helping the most? The people that were scared to throw the right hook. &gt;&gt; The people that thought selling was yucky.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's who ended up helping the most. So, yes, you should. &gt;&gt; Hi. &gt;&gt; Hi. Nice to meet you. I'm Sophie. Hi.

&gt;&gt; How are you? &gt;&gt; I'm thank you. How are you? &gt;&gt; Good. Good. I so my kind of stand journey is pretty well I say new it's been like a year and a half two years now but I have something called endometriosis it's a condition yeah 10% of women have it it's crazy &gt;&gt; and I was like bed bound 50% of the month it was awful &gt;&gt; wow &gt;&gt; and so I had like all of these great jobs with Proctor and Gamblin Amazon so I was super capable but like the pain was just horrendous and I was like other people do social media why can't I give it a go I had a hobby blog educating people on my kind of journey but not giving anything else, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; So, decided to train to be a women's health practitioner, learned about this crazy protocol and just started vlogging it. So, to your point earlier about like documentation, I didn't have a business.

I was just vlogging like day one, day two, day three. And it blew up and then in all my comments, they were like, "Please can you make a guide?" So, I made a guide was like in the gym estate master being like, "How do I sell digital products because I don't understand technology at all?" Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then a Tik Tok YouTuber &gt;&gt; made a video about Stan and was like people sell them on this. So I did it and I went from like £1,000 a month to the point where I was like going to have to go back to my old job and we made 100,000 in our first month just from auto DMs on like one guide that was like £25 which is insane. So John reached out on Instagram and has like since changed my life cuz anytime I need help I'm like John [laughter] SOS and he again like you were the same with Gary like text me back every single time. And then because of all of those sales I was able to publish this book which I would love to give to you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; So it's called the anti-inflammatory 30-day reset.

Because of the autom it's a number one Sunday Times bestseller which is like insane and it's just because of the autodams as well. And I know that you said your wife is like really into she will love that. &gt;&gt; Yes. Um, but my my whole thing now is like I'm so lucky and grateful that I've found the answers for myself and I want to help other people find those too, which is why I've started a women's health brand called Found. Um, and the whole point of it is to be the home of women's health. So, if you ever have any questions about periods, menopause is you come to Found. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; So, we have &gt;&gt; like the knot was for weddings.

&gt;&gt; Yes. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Okay. Understood. Keep going. &gt;&gt; At the moment, we have guides. We've just launched a membership and we're going to launch a course which is like a course version of the book. &gt;&gt; If you were in my shoes, what would the next 12 months be?

Aside from content, cuz I know that like content is absolute king, but aside from content, &gt;&gt; surrounding yourself with talented people and paying them for doing to do things that you don't like to do. &gt;&gt; What would be your key hires? Like what are the immediate &gt;&gt; What don't you like to do? &gt;&gt; Yeah. All of the like operations. Like I remember we were talking about this when you were in London. Like I love the creative, I love the talking. &gt;&gt; So you need you need a COO, you need an operating &gt;&gt; Okay.

&gt;&gt; head. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you you think that would be sufficient over getting like a co-founder because that's something I've been thinking about. &gt;&gt; You can get a co-founder second. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; No, you know, you don't marry the first person that you think you want to date. &gt;&gt; You date them. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

Yeah. &gt;&gt; You could get a you could get a head of operations and you may be like, "Oh my god, Johnny. Oh my god, Sally. You've been so profound to me. I want to give you equity. &gt;&gt; Sally and John are like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're the best. We'll do like because they just signed up for a job." No, I would not do a co-founder. &gt;&gt; Okay.

So, CEO first. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Okay. Interesting. &gt;&gt; I would if if you're pop committed to the content &gt;&gt; and you're pop committed to the content everywhere. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Everywhere. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

&gt;&gt; Then the next thing in parallel is the hiring because you're starting to hit scale. &gt;&gt; Yeah. of people that you really want to be in the trenches with doing jobs that you don't want to do. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then my second question, my last one, we talked about how like if you're a woman trying to help women, this is like the best time. My ultimate goal is that we have clinics that people can come to and retreats to have like transformational experiences. &gt;&gt; Well, the good news is, you know, this is coming. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

&gt;&gt; Right. Like the education's getting up. I know it because Mona is so deep in all the different things. Um so that's good. It's going to happen. and you just want to be a part of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. When it comes to some of that, there's like significant investment that you need into it.

&gt;&gt; I want you to keep growing your topline revenue in your business so that you have more leverage when you decide to raise capital. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. &gt;&gt; What's that? &gt;&gt; I said 100%. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

You've you know, like everybody thinks everybody wants to raise capital early because they don't have the capital. We now live in a world, especially with something like Stan, where you can make money. The more money you can make, the more leverage you have for when you raise capital. &gt;&gt; The end. &gt;&gt; So, I started real estate agent. My college professor was like, "You're going to be an amazing real estate agent." I went into that and I did great. I had two babies under two. And I'm like, there's no way I'm going out and cold calling and knocking on doors.

I'm going to do one to many approach. I got started in Idaho where no one was making content. And so, they looked at me and was like, "What are you doing, Jenna? like you're selling houses on Instagram and you don't have to leave and you're the top producer in our market and I'm like yeah I am like tell me what you're doing I need to know and so I started uh onetoone launch my course on stand this is like two now three years ago and it blows up and I'm like making the six figures every month and it's just crazy. I'm like I can't even keep up with what's &gt;&gt; How much was it? &gt;&gt; Uh I all high ticket. How much? &gt;&gt; So, uh, that course started out at like 2500 bucks and then I've just raised my prices since.

&gt;&gt; Again, I just want to There's certain people here that need to hear what I'm about to say. In real estate, there's a saying, it takes as much effort to sell a $25 million home as it does a million- dollar home. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; You heard me multiple times on the weeks of like higher, higher. &gt;&gt; You may be thinking, well, mine's not selling that well at lower. But I'm saying if you've been listening, recontextualize it to the four-week challenge for Valentine. Keep tuning. Keep tuning.

You understand? There's a lot more in this room. You might feel good. I feel like anxiety because I'm like there's a lot more in a lot of you. Tuning. Recontextualize. Make it whether it's a digital product or an access to you or a group or a sauce thinner like keep tuning. But most of all understand if you keep tuning it allows you to do that right.

LVMH is, you know, Louis Vuitton bags is better than Kate Spade's bags as a business, right? The average price, but it's a bag, &gt;&gt; right? [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Go ahead. &gt;&gt; So true. Um, yeah, like for the stand challenge, I probably sold a third of what a lot of y'all sold, but my price point was just a lot higher. So anyway, all that to be said, I take off end up not completely leaving real estate, but obviously this becomes my full-time thing. Everyone in their mom wants to know how to use Stan and how to use it. And so now my DMs of how do you sell on real real estate on Instagram are becoming Jenna let me pay you to teach me what you're doing.

I want to do it. Makes sense. &gt;&gt; And so I transition into that. I'm also big on my family, big on faith, love traveling and like documenting and all these things. So, I struggle with his conversation of like build the personal brand also having the business in my content because I'm like I want to talk about like we do flips and we do so many fun things with like our life and our kids and homeschooling and all this stuff and then it's like &gt;&gt; and also I have this business to run that requires like a lot of my time and content on that same page. Anyway, all this to &gt;&gt; you you do mix &gt;&gt; I do mix it in very much so and I know that's why a lot of people find me because they relate to me on something else. But of course, &gt;&gt; the part that I'm struggling with the most is one year ago today at the top of my career making hundreds of thousands of dollars a month. I step away.

I shut the whole thing down overnight. &gt;&gt; Why? &gt;&gt; Burnout. &gt;&gt; You just cracked complete burnout. &gt;&gt; Makes sense. &gt;&gt; And um it was it was because I didn't hire leverage. &gt;&gt; Yes. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Because I did it myself.

&gt;&gt; Isn't that awesome? The fact that you can answer the question. Is that bad or good? &gt;&gt; No. It's so [laughter] good. &gt;&gt; It's so good. It's so good. It's so good.

It's it's like it's I'm telling you a lot of pe like one of the actually I don't give my dad enough flowers for this. My dad there was always things in my me and my siblings of like dad loves the liquor store more than us. Dad loved the liquor store more than he loved himself. &gt;&gt; I I grew up watching someone putting everything back into the business. So it just became my culture. I mean I ran this company Vayner. Got it. This is where it's cuz cuz a lot of us that come into it are like, "Ooh, now I got the money.

Now let's go buy a new bouncy for the kids and a new car and employees." &gt;&gt; Yes, we did that, but we invested it in like real estate opportunities and makes sense. But us, but not business. Correct. And so I burned out on that, but now I've got I have something to show for the money because we invested all of it. And so that's great. But now it's like, yeah, now I'm restarting and I I well I re relaunched everything in the spring um of this last year and so slow. I'm like I can speak to any person who's relaunching and selling and not getting anything and I'm like you just it just takes time. Now I have a flourishing business again.

We've been do hitting a couple of six figure months again and I'm like so &gt;&gt; you're on the cusp of being back. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cusp of being back but like something feels off. &gt;&gt; Yes. You're you're doing the same pattern. &gt;&gt; I I know. And I did [laughter] I did bring someone in. I did finally bring someone.

&gt;&gt; But it might not be right. &gt;&gt; I know. I know. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I know. No, I know. I know. That's the answer. And &gt;&gt; of course it's the answer.

&gt;&gt; It's it's you hit it though on the meal. &gt;&gt; That'd be like me saying to everyone like, "You have to make a pasta dish." You're like, "Okay, I got to make a pasta dish." But if it's not doesn't taste good, like we defeated the You have to make a delicious pasta. You have to hire the right employees. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you have to learn how to become a better boss. &gt;&gt; Yep. Yeah. Yeah.

and and who you how you're raised plays such a big role in this because you don't say parents were a tight wads and like all the money and &gt;&gt; of course right the notice how I even preempted that by saying my dad loved the store more than him and gave the money all to the store that we we always are like man you know like we know what the financial like I know the financial journey I went through but I was like man &gt;&gt; we it felt like we were way more poor than we should have been and I was like oh right my dad actually didn't take any money. It was all going back to business. And right, my mom is very cheap and never bought us anything. [laughter] Like that's it, you know, like that was our life, you know. &gt;&gt; Is there is there this is maybe a more practical question. Is there like a percentage that you look at like oh your business is making 500,000 or a million? Like you should spend this much on what is it &gt;&gt; as much as humanly possible. &gt;&gt; Okay.

&gt;&gt; Based on who I am, I'm trying to build an empire. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; You may not want to build an empire. Thus meaning you can take more for you to buy an umbrella or a Big Mac or another car. But the answer is the answer I gave you. &gt;&gt; Jenna, right now you're running like a 95% profit margin business. &gt;&gt; So you get So the average &gt;&gt; and I don't have a mortgage anymore. &gt;&gt; So the average is somewhere it depends on the growth private.

Let's say anywhere between 10 to 30% profit margins. So that's a large atscale business like billions of dollars. You guys have to recognize the difference between y'all's profit margins. You can afford to spend 5 10% of your &gt;&gt; You'll love this. Do you know who hates me most in this entire building? &gt;&gt; I'll walk you over. He's over there. He's the CFO.

&gt;&gt; The chief financial officer. &gt;&gt; Do you spend too much money or why does &gt;&gt; I'm just in It's Yes, but not on dumb [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like, "Hey, Sid, go take everybody out and and eat dinner. In fact, I'm too tight on that." It's on more people, more investment in the company. Like, because we're going to live next year and I want to live next year. Back to what I said to you earlier when I had a bad year. overinvested against we were slow. Now I have a little bit of a understanding of how that happened and why and like the more you put back in and you know what you're going to love I can already tell you're emotional &gt;&gt; like me. &gt;&gt; I'm emotional.

I'm very emotional. &gt;&gt; You're going to love having the right employees. I love Sid. Crazy stupid. &gt;&gt; I love like No, but you know like it's really really real. You're going to love it once you get your crew. You're going to have a family business. You're going to have three new best.

The only friends I have are people that work for me. &gt;&gt; They're the only friends I have. &gt;&gt; I hired my students. &gt;&gt; You're You're going to love this. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; You're now judging it based on what happened. You It's the wrong hire right now. But when you get the right to when I can see it already.

I can see it. I'm good at this. You're gonna have four employees. It's going to be a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sisterhood. You guys are going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cook. &gt;&gt; I can't wait. Thank you so You're welcome. [applause] &gt;&gt; You're going to you're going to love Jed.

It's I'm telling you, you're going to love it. &gt;&gt; It's going to be your social circle. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Gary, you said you want to build an empire. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; What is the why behind that? And I just asked because &gt;&gt; I got a I got a really I actually figured &gt;&gt; ready. &gt;&gt; I actually have my answer.

I'm wildly curious. &gt;&gt; I'm wildly curious how big I can make it. Nothing else. &gt;&gt; Straight curiosity. I'm just wondering. It's like, you know, it's so funny. Back to health and wellness. Never interested in how far I can run, how much I can lift.

And I look at it in other people. I'm like, that's crazy. That's stupid. I don't That's But in this, it's the only thing I'm interested in &gt;&gt; terms of scaling. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just curious how good I am at the game. &gt;&gt; Cuz I know the results are the truth. &gt;&gt; Like if I don't get it to where I think I can get it, I wasn't good enough.

&gt;&gt; That's sick. Yeah, I think so too. I think so. Like when I finally had my like because I thought about it for a while like is this you know cuz for a while I'm like is this insecurity like truly like like everyone's in your own feel and I knew it wasn't because of everything you kind of know about me. I'm like is it delusional self-esteem? That was a big thesis for a little while. I'm like no this is my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] g honestly when the when when co when the Kobe story started to come out about like how he like the day after surgery just desperately wanted to be in the gym and start practicing. I'm like, I get you.

&gt;&gt; And then I got another analogy. I really It's my favorite one. I I like beach vacations. Like when I'm when I vacation, I want to be off the grid. Do nothing. Nothing. Cuz I go so hard. I started going those those nicer vacations at a point in my life.

And there was there's this thing I want to paint to you. Yeah, I'll be able to get this on. There's thing I want to paint to you. I would watch a kid like cliche Turks and Caos. I would just lay on the beach from 9:00 am to 7 pm, right? And just listen to music and think and draw in the sand and I that's how I liked it. But once in a while there'd be a kid or like two kids and they would build an immaculate sand castle all day and then about 5:30 5:45 you like this is just I saw this this happened like two or three times and it finally clicked for me. Like the parents would call, they like, "Johnny, let's go." Like, "Dinner." Like, "We're going to go eat dinner." And this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] spent eight hours building this immaculate thing.

And he he would just look at it and be like [laughter] and run and smile. And I'm like, "That's me. I just want to see how big I can build it." And then I actually don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about it. I'm very detached from my career. &gt;&gt; I'm fully detached. I could give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about Gary Vee. &gt;&gt; How did you get to the place where it doesn't define you? cuz I feel like I'm still struggling with like so much of like I'm still trying to figure out who I am.

&gt;&gt; None of it defines me because I have my definition somewhere else. &gt;&gt; Well, cuz it's a game like you said, right? &gt;&gt; My definition is if people think I'm a good guy. &gt;&gt; Was it always the case? &gt;&gt; Yeah, in hindsight, I didn't know it was always the case. &gt;&gt; Have you ever worried &gt;&gt; about what? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; Anything?

&gt;&gt; Yeah, I worry about &gt;&gt; I worry I worry about nothing besides health. M &gt;&gt; cuz I'm not in control. &gt;&gt; Got it. I'm in full [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] control. &gt;&gt; You believe God is in control. &gt;&gt; Yeah, to some degree I do. God, &gt;&gt; I believe in God. So, yeah.

Destiny. I I believe in serendipity. I believe in like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happens. Like, like I'm not sure God's like sitting up there like I'm going to put a chicken bone in that throat and they're going to die. I'm [clears throat] not sure like like that's how God [laughter] I don't think that's how God is cooking. I so I I believe in a lot enough things that know that I'm not in control but everything else we're all in control and this is what I want for you badly now I'm starting to understand you a little with that sentence when you can tune them all out my greatest skill set by far is humility it's not obvious but like I and it and it's easy for you know it's a funny thing to say I'm humble right but like I know it because I don't hear all of you when you say I'm the which allows me to not hear you when you say I'm the worst. &gt;&gt; I can't hear it. I'm in the arena.

I'm in the arena. You're the stands. We're all in the stands for each other. You're all in your arena and we're all the fans. And we're like, "You can't score. You're good. We should trade you to another team. We're the fans.

You're the only one in the arena. I'm in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] arena. I can't take your judgments, your praise, or your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on me to the field. I've got to play the game. The second you detach from that, everything changes. You know, you have nothing to prove to no one. Most of all, not yourself. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

&gt;&gt; My stand journey actually goes back about 3 years or so. Um, I basically help couples ditch the hug and waddle and learn how to slow dance. And &gt;&gt; that's incredible. &gt;&gt; That is what I do. &gt;&gt; That's so good. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Good for you. Okay.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I I started with Stan too. I was so grateful when I found it cuz I I was teaching in person. I've been teaching ballroom dancing since I was 16. &gt;&gt; And then I got this idea that I wanted to bring about a slow dancing revolution because I was starting to learn all the benefits of learning how to dance. And I was just seeing what it was doing for these couples in front of me. And so I loved that. Stan, you know, paired with social media gave me the opportunity to slow Dancing Revolution.

So, I've had uh so slow dancing 101 date night course and there are a couple of other ones, but then I also choreograph first dances for people that Yeah. which is really really fun. And so, now over 8,000 people have ditched the hug and waddle through the slow dancing 101. &gt;&gt; So, it's all digital products or there is some virtual components. &gt;&gt; There's a little bit of virtual when it comes to the first dance choreography, but not on like the date night courses. Everything's a little kind of ammonation of like helping couples actually just work on intimacy and play. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's you you just took [clears throat] like cuz that's the first proc like you're doing something very important and I think there's some real building blocks. Yes, for sure.

&gt;&gt; That gets into like the value of salvaging a marriage is very high &gt;&gt; emotionally and for some people financially. &gt;&gt; Real talk though, like there's a lot of people who are in a marriage that they're struggling with and the only reason they're staying in it is financially. So they would love the opportunity especially a lot of people the more money that's being made is actually the more they're staying in it which means they could pay a lot of money for someone that could actually unlock certain parts of their marriage like my glute me literally by the way I'm just very fascinated by this it is literally not functioned for 30 years of my life my brain has like made every like literally my I don't know John I'm very into this My my QL my QL and my AD doctor have done all the work for what your everyone he else here has their meat for. It's literally not connected. That is happening in marriages. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; There's and you look why I'm using that analogy. They can't see it.

&gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And you're doing a little a moose bouch with what you're doing. I think you could have something that's 30,000 a month. &gt;&gt; For sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; For a person there. I'm telling you, I'm am around a lot of wealthy people. There are people that would pay $90,000 for 3 months to get a lot of access to you if they went through the whole funnel.

Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Like that's cuz it's worth it for them. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like again, either through like the way they put marriage on a pedestal emotionally or just very practical like I don't want to get a divorce cuz I'm going to lose half my wealth. Like real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; There's something very there. Yeah.

&gt;&gt; Anyway, nonetheless, &gt;&gt; I'm grateful. Well, no, it's very validating because just a tiny bit more about my story before the question with it is I was a very young entrepreneur like I started my company when I was 18 and then I went through a startup incubator at Georgia Tech and I have a different startup that I work on that's building out a platform to connect in-person instructors with people. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um but it was interesting cuz like my first relationship was a three-year relationship. I thought it was my person fell apart horribly and very publicly. I have over a million followers across all platforms &gt;&gt; and it was like a huge oh my gosh I'm a fraud. like I'm &gt;&gt; Right. Right.

Right. I'm teaching you. Right. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; And uh so it was interesting cuz I was lucky enough a couple years later to meet my now amazing husband who dances with me and and really helps with the business which is phenomenal. And so now, you know, that was the biggest stake decision. I realized that was the biggest decision I was going to make in my life is who am I waking up with every morning?

Like what kind of person is this? &gt;&gt; And so I'm really excited to build out that container. Well, as I'm doing that, I am expanding my team and I'm finding like I'm a pretty type B entrepreneur. I'm also a vampire. I like to operate on night shifts. That's when my best work is done, but that doesn't really work with building out a team. Not true. &gt;&gt; So, what are some Oh, really?

Okay. I would love to like hear how I can be there for my team if I'm a bat. &gt;&gt; Hire vampires. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [laughter] I'm a night owl, too. Yeah.

Yeah. I need to find my crew like like Jenna does. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Hire vampires. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; Okay.

&gt;&gt; I don't know if you guys know there's 8.3 billion people on Earth. [laughter] &gt;&gt; There's other &gt;&gt; like we do this. We do this. &gt;&gt; By the way, everything is maybe. &gt;&gt; The worst thing that is stopping all of you is the default to no. the worst. Everything is maybe. And if you you get really epic, and I think I'm epic at this game, it's maybe with a desperate want for it to be yes.

I've actually had to get better at maybe and no as said, you know, cuz I'm just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; fat kid with cake, you know? I just want to do every business, you know, like like &gt;&gt; hire night owls. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. &gt;&gt; In fact, you'll get some really cool people, &gt;&gt; right? Like night owls will allow you to get a stay-at-home dad that &gt;&gt; like would have never been able to &gt;&gt; get a different kind like like you know what I mean like like you're just going to get different types of people. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. And in terms of kind of showing up for them like if I'm pretty type B and I'm like all over the place.

What is the best way like a baseline skill I need to have to be a good leader &gt;&gt; to be empathetic that you're that person &gt;&gt; to yourself or to others? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Both hands. [laughter] Yeah, &gt;&gt; I'm that person. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; But I will never ding Sid for something that's based on me being that person that he had to adjust to that, thus running something else to fall. That started with me being that person. So, as long as I don't have the hypocrisy and the loss of trust by being like, "Hey, man." And he's like, "Fuck you, bro.

You changed it at 12:59 at the [laughter] like, of course, the thing like you got it." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like don't make up [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of your own insecurity that you're that person. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yes. &gt;&gt; That nailed it for you, right? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; You're doing certain things where you're a bad boss.

You're so young. I mean, I did so many things poorly. I mean, my this is where I'm the best. Cander. I've said it a lot that cander as an actual boss was continues to be a struggle because then it becomes I I'm very good at being passive aggressive with sweetness. I ra I in fact I rebranded it to razing bec first I didn't even know I was being passive aggressive then when I realized that I'm like no let's keep it called razing because that sounds better you know like like you go through these journeys we're all just human. &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; but that's yours. &gt;&gt; Mhm.

Mhm. Question is um do you believe that you have to do what it is that you're coaching in order to like teach the people that &gt;&gt; it's that's a great [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] qu let me tell you why you know where I first think about it football. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like like you know like some of the best coaches of all time didn't play the sport. &gt;&gt; So I'm like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because I'm such a I mean my whole pride is I'm the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] best practitioner and then thus I only talk about [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I know you know. So my answer is I do not think that is required &gt;&gt; but I think it is really epic when you do do and have gone through and do know. um you know like when people talk about parenting and they don't have a child I'm like okay [laughter] you know what I mean like like you know so like you know it's so that would be my answer &gt;&gt; yeah cuz I tell people like I'm a coach that still plays the game and I think that they like that &gt;&gt; I mean I'm it's by I mean it's why I'm completely unstoppable &gt;&gt; you're in the field &gt;&gt; when hiring a COO what am I looking for what are the key things &gt;&gt; um you know I think it starts with a list of the things like you're in a great spot because you're deep so you can First, write down a list of things that you think need to get done way better or at all. And then that becomes the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] interview process.

Got it? It's like what do you know is not happening well or could be done that's not done yet in order. And then you know yourself. You're hiring your compliment, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; You're hiring your compliment. Like what do you know? And you're you're further along. That's why I'm confident that this should that should that's your answer because you're a little bit deeper in your business.

It's a little bit more at scale. You know, and by the way, I have three admins and two chiefs of staff. &gt;&gt; That's clearly someone who knows that organization is the furthest and not interesting. Like, think like, think about how much I've quadrupled down on the thing. &gt;&gt; It's not even one person at the scale mat now because I'm like, I don't want anything to fall with my time and I need and it's a lot going on. I need to keep throwing more resources at it. Gary, how do we build our brand for longevity? Um, and not hoping to just ride like a hot moment if we've been doing very well and this could very well be our job for a long time.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think you know I've had a lot of longevity and it's been based on two principles for sure that come very easy top of mind with that question. One is the more you just continue to lean into yourself, you're not playing a role, &gt;&gt; right? you didn't have like a good role that like crushed on TV and then like you got a different role and right when you're you it's you two I think it goes back to something we talked about early which is like just by not judging yourself &gt;&gt; like Gary Vee has had moments when he's been ripping hot and other moments when he's not been as hot and like my ability to be just as uncomfortable in both is going to matter that's why not judging yourself you know that 2024 year at Vayner X did not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me and excited me weirdly Okay, I got two for you. &gt;&gt; Dylan keeps trying to &gt;&gt; Yeah, Dylan, get in here. No worries. &gt;&gt; No, the boys are out in this giant. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; No, you I hear you sometimes talk about like leveraging certain opportunities for content.

Yes. &gt;&gt; So, I wanted to do that today. I have a very viral format on my YouTube channel. It gets like hundreds of thousands of views every time. I reverse engineer what a successful person did to grow on social media. So, I almost wanted a permission slip from you to give that school to do. I had it planned. I was going to do like Gary View reveals how to grow on social media.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. That being said, to continue the viral trend, would the advice that you gave me for my question be the one that you think should be the payoff for the video? Basically, volume focused volume, not just volume, focus, volume. Would that be the advice that you think I should end that with? &gt;&gt; I think you could. Yeah, for sure. &gt;&gt; If I have your permission. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you could definitely do it.

No problem at all. &gt;&gt; So, knowing that I have the three different companies, Yes. like if I wanted to be undeniable on social, what should I be doing in the next 90 days? Um, first of all, understanding that it's just like a forever. This is marathon. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's the 90 days is in my mind is there's no payoff on the other side. It's the beginning of doing the fundamentals that will get you there.

&gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Look, I I believe in volume. I believe in it the most. Anything that can put everyone here in a place to make more content is important, highly important, wildly important, the most important because it's going to go away. I have really bad news. It's going to go away. &gt;&gt; Let me explain. This is the only reason this is happening.

&gt;&gt; This is the o this is the distribution. This is that TV. Those were the famous people. You had to go home and watch them. Bill Cosby, Michael Jackson, right? Madonna. There's awareness being known. And social networks are free.

You know how insane that is? But this is coming. It's actually coming. And I don't know what's going to happen. Let me give you an example. If Meta wins, I don't know what they're going to do. If Apple also was Facebook, would Tik Tok ever happened? Follow me here.

This is coming. I do not. This is the gold rush of attention. &gt;&gt; It is not guaranteed. It had never existed before where normal people like us had access to the entire world for zero dollars except the effort it took us to make content. It had never happened before. Advertising was expensive. And Hollywood decided if you were on TV and there was only three channels, then 13, then 36, then a little bit more.

This is not guaranteed. So, if I'm right, how hard do you think you should go the next 5 to seven years to build your brand, your person? Very hard. The end. Right. Real talk. It's coming. And I don't know.

I don't know what it's going to be. Will the social apps be in there and we're just scrolling through? I don't know. I have a funny feeling it won't be exactly the same. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, so that's it. I got to run. I apologize.

&gt;&gt; Thank you everyone. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Great to see you. [music]
