# Sio8lkFXiMY

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sio8lkFXiMY

---

The days of taking and making a video or an ad or a picture and running media on Facebook or Instagram or Tik Tok to get clients are over. Meaning, you should always post every piece of content you make for a sale or an ad organically first. If it does well in views compared to your norm, that's what you start running media on. Many of you are wasting a lot of money on social because the ad, the creator, the video or the picture isn't something that will convert well. You can now mitigate that risk by posting it organically and getting a sense if it's a good piece of content cuz it cannot get views unless the creative is relevant. This real serious AI phenomenon that is going to change the course of every single person's life in here. This is not just about our businesses. I mean to give you context, there are many people in this room whose grandchildren are going to marry an AI robot.

I'm serious. You know, you think we fight about race and religion, about marriage, wait till you see kids marrying robots. You're going to really be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up by that. But we'll get to that a little bit later. Friends, when I think about this theme, being prepared for the moment, the reason I started with a little bit of an AI thing is everybody here is on a different journey in their careers and where they are. speaking on the AI thing, touching on the fact that 60% of you were here last year. What I pounded and what on the flip side on the joke I made, so many of you have DM'd me and emailed me or texted me in the last year that you actually did do something about it. Many of you have started that podcast or started making more content.

And you can't imagine how that makes me feel in my heart knowing people have actually acted on the advice. And actually to that point, just so the new people know, like how many people actually did do something about it and felt a positive impact on their business? Please make some noise. &gt;&gt; As you can see, not enough. And I'm being serious about that. Not enough. We are all fighting for attention of a human being to then do the thing that you want them to do. And attention has moved.

Some people live their careers on television when that had all the attention. We now live in a world that is incredibly fragmented. And I think we all know that. In fact, this morning, one thing I'd like for the people that are a little further along in their journey of making content for their business, I I'd like for everyone to understand, we don't even live in social media anymore. We now live in interest media. As many of you know that are on Tik Tok or Instagram or Facebook, 5 years ago, you got content from the people you followed, even if you didn't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what your cousin was doing today. Today, when you opened up your Tik Tok or Instagram or Facebook, you're getting content of things you're currently interested in. And this is incredibly important for everyone here because like I did mention last year, this is intoxicating to me because again, if you've done nothing, and this is by the way similar to getting into shape or fixing whatever issues you have with fascia or your QL or things of that nature, the most intoxicating thing to me right now in the warfare of attention to build your actual business is that even if you've done nothing right for the last 15 years, around this issue.

The world we're in now allows you to close the gap very quickly. I in the last year um Dr. Matt, I'll see you Sunday to talk about this. I in the last year have figured out my outer glute was completely shut down on my left, right? And I realized why the QL and all that was happening. It was truly dormant. I didn't really realize how far away I was. I have been in serious [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rehab for the last nine months.

I still have 18 to 24 months to go to really close the gap. I've been making content now for 20 years every single day on social. I am so pissed this takes me 3 years to get to even. You've done nothing right. And your third Tik Tok, if you make the right piece of content, can fundamentally change the course of your career. I'm just going to leave. Thank you. &gt;&gt; The point I'm making there is this is insane.

In your world, when you're fixing us, we [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up for a long time and it takes a lot of time to get to a good place. In my world that I'm frustrated with you, I've literally worked my face off for 20 years, 15 hours a day to amass 50 million followers. and you've done nothing. And if you make a very good piece of content as your fourth piece of content ever, it can literally lead to 15 to 20 new clients and leads or an employee that you're looking to hire or whatever you're up to. Run for mayor in your town. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What I care about is you understanding the intoxicating nature of the merit of a single post. now, not what you've done to get to that single post. How many people here were last year actually started making content and were able to get a piece of business from a post on social media?

Please stand up. Stand up. Keep standing. Keep standing because there's a couple things a couple things I want everyone to recognize. Number one, did you notice how shitty the clap was? That's because a lot of other people here were here last year and did not do that. Number two, let's really clap it up for actual action. Thank you.

Look, I I I come and do these things. I don't I've declined probably 95% of the times I've been asked in my career to come back because I think you know stay away a little bit rethink you know how do I bring value I think the reason I said yes to this was I think this crew is dangerously close I think a lot of people were right there or actually by show of hands you don't have to stand up how many of you tried a little bit and got didn't get the results you were looking for let's raise your hands raise it high please Go. Hi. So, for the 80 or 90 of you, I have good news. It, as you just saw, works. You just suck at it. And that's good. That's not a bad thing.

That's a good thing. That means you know it to be true. Whatever you were doing was not working. Could be multiple things. You gave up too early because you didn't have the patience for how much content needed to be done to break through. Two, and this is very important for all of you. If your content is completely selfish and it's only about like, "Hey, this is what I do and I'd like you to give me money so that I can do it for you." That is not going to work. You've got to mix it up.

It's like boxing. If every single post you have is a right hook, the audience starts getting used to it and they're able to duck. If you do not put out the jab content or the faint content to set it up, you will lose. In my world with the hope to grow your business, the jab content and the faint content is basically information for free with the hopes that it helps. I know I I'll say for all the new people here, the number one thing that everyone can do here is to teach people how to fix the things you know how to fix at home by themselves with little tweaks or ways they can figure out what's wrong with them. You are providing value. That value will create the karma and will create the energy that will lead to the sale. What has built my career and many people that I've watched, I think Steven spoke yesterday, I've watched this over and over and over.

Who's the most committed to bringing the most value to the audience and letting the residual effects of that value drive their actual business? There is actually nothing more real in the universe to me than actual karma. that doing good things leads to good results. What I observed as I prepped for this talk is there are a lot of people trying, but unfortunately too much of the content is just very direct like you're broken. I fix you, give me your money, email me, call me, blah blah blah. There's nothing wrong with a right hook. In fact, a right hook is going to knock out your opponent and create what you want. It's the mix of content that you're looking to do.

Now, back to building on what I'm trying to set up for all of you, which is like good news. Not much has changed. In fact, more opportunity has happened in the last 365 days for you to build a personal brand to lead to business transaction. But there's a couple things that are a little bit different. One, we're one year closer for this not being free and changing your life. I want to say this again for the people. How many people here do Google Adwords for their business? Right?

We talked a little bit about this last year about Chat GBT growing. It's grown. How many people here who one more time Google Adwords? Raise your hands. How many people here that just raised their hands? The cost of those Adwords has gone up in the last year. You have to pay attention to this. This is really happening in front of our eyes.

I mean there is I I have gone now at least 6 months maybe a year where I know I have not looked up one thing on Google. Not one. I've used Gemini Google's AI but I've not done Google search in the way that we all grew up in literally almost the entire year. It is either chatgbt perplexity Gemini CL. It's over friends. Google Adwords as we sit right now is in the same place that the yellow pages were in 2001. You might still be getting business from it, but it is declining rapidly. It is getting more expensive and it is not something you can do.

The issue that I have that's different than a year ago is this social media thing is free. Google Adwords you pay for. Direct mail you pay for. Print ads pay for. Social is free. Now you can spend ads on it which I recommend. By the way, how many people here spend ad dollars on social to get business? Raise your hands.

All right. I'm going to give you a very nuanced thing this morning that I hope you listen to me. The days of taking and making a video or an ad or a picture and running media on Facebook or Instagram or Tik Tok to get clients are over. Meaning, you should always post every piece of content you make for a sale or an ad organically first. If it does well in views compared to your norm, that's what you start running media on. This is very important. Many of you are wasting a lot of money on social because the ad, the creative, the video or the picture isn't something that will convert well. You can now mitigate that risk by posting it organically and getting a sense if it's a good piece of content cuz it cannot get views unless the creative is relevant.

Everybody understand that? This should save one more time. Hands that do social, this should save you an extraordinary amount of money if you get good at it. Let me tell you what you will learn if you do that because you can see I'm getting very tactical this morning. I'm in a very tactical mood this morning. How many pieces of content did you post in social yesterday? Raise your hand and show me in fingers how many you posted. How many pieces of content did you post yesterday in social?

Six. Two. Thank you. 10. Good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] big dog. I posted 432. &gt;&gt; I'm being serious now. How many people here follow me on social?

Raise your hands just to get a sense. Thank you. Have some of you that just raised your hands starting to notice that there's new accounts starting to pop up for me. So, it's not just Gary Vee, it's Gary Vee on podcast, it's Uncle V on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Tik Tok. I will probably have by the end of the year over a thousand different accounts. Gary Vee on podcasts, Gary Vee the football fan, Gary Vee and wine because what I've been telling you that you don't need followers to get views and all the work I put in. I started saying to myself, I'm not going to cry for myself that my 20 years of work have been meritized and commoditized. I'm just going to go on the offense of the same thing.

This, my friends, is about adaptability. This is being prepared for the moment. I understood that we were changing last year and I was excited for you, but I needed to figure out how that works for me. The way it works for me is how many people here have seen the piece of content where I met that young girl uh after a talk and she said, "One day I'm going to be somebody." And I said, "You're somebody now." Just raise your hands. Thank you. So for the people that just raised your hands, I started a Tik Tok account called you're somebody now as the name of the handle, you're somebody now. The first post I posted on that account with zero followers was a slight edit on the video that did well for me, which is why many of you saw it, that video with zero followers got 8.2 million organic views. Thanks, Mom.

I need you to listen. That same video I posted slightly differently 3 weeks earlier on my Tik Tok account that has 15 million followers and it got 300,000 views. I'm really hammering this home because again, we saw a good amount of people but way not enough that stood up and said from last year I made content. I got clients. As we go into AI, I need you to understand and listen to me very carefully. Every piece of content you make today is being indexed to show up on the results when every single person in the world in four years goes to an AI bot and says, "I need a chiropractor now. Who should I go with?" The work you put into social next year will not only get you clients like we talked about last year, but it will mitigate the biggest thing that's happening in the world right now, which is people are going to choose what services and what people and how and what and where through a new funnel that does not exist. How many people have been doing this for over 25 years?

Raise your hands. Raise them high because I first want to clap it up for these OGs. Just keep them up. This is 25 kids under 30. Pay attention. Keep 25 and older, 25 years or longer. Of the hands that are up, do you remember what Google did to change the industry? You remember it no longer became Thank you.

the reputa. I mean word of mouth will always play in this business but we are in a very important time and what Google did to the industry and changed the rules and who and what and how and the opportunities and many of you built your business on Google. In fact, kids, a lot of people that raised their hands used Google to outflank because they were earlier in their career, the incumbents that already had the business and the word of mouth and you became people sitting in here because you used Google 25 years ago to build your practice. What Google was compared to chatbt is a, as the kids say, a pimple on the ass. This is going to be dramatically bigger, much more impactful. And I cannot recommend for people to start understanding if you want to seize the day or be prepared, you better understand that every one of you now live in an AI world, this is only going to compound dramatically. It's going to start compounding fast. And I need you to have a brand because brand is going to be the only thing that's defensible in this extreme technology world.

Got it? All right. One of my plans for today is to do a ton of Q&amp;A. So, you can bring up any question for me about building a team, you know, in the details of what I'm talking about here. I'm going to go for a little bit more on a couple other topics and then we're going to go heavy into Q&amp;A because I want to make it very tactical today, my friends. The other thing I'm thinking a lot about is how do you just How many people by show of hands would like to grow their business? Raise your hands. Just curious.

Okay, good. I have a very counterpoint to what I just said. I'm going to take you to the complete other extreme and I believe this has the capacity to grow your business dramatically. I am asking all of you to over the rest of this year just in case I come back for a third straight year. Listen to me. This is really exciting to me. I would like you to reach out via phone call, text, email, or letter. Literally talking about writing a letter up here.

I am unemotional about which of the four ways of communication you choose that works for you or you think will work for the person on the other side. I'm going to say it again nice and slow. I am asking all of you to call, text, write an email or a letter to every client you've ever had. I think about this a lot. That orange book I wrote up there, it's really funny to look up there. It's funny to get older, kids. It's funny to have these two books up there. They were my first two books.

The black and green one is called Crush It. I wrote it in 2008. It came out in 2009. And my thesis was people could make money on the internet talking about what they were into or they knew. I was slammed publicly. People laughed when I wrote in that book that you could make $50,000 a year being on YouTube. I was called a snake oil salesman. I think everyone in this room knows that that was very true and to levels that people couldn't comprehend.

In fact, if you look at what Steven's doing, what I'm doing, Mr. Beast, Alex Cooper, Alex Earl, my next book that comes out next year is called Your Individual Empire. And my debate is that humans are about to be the next billion-dollar corporations. That is how extreme AI, social, and the blockchain are going to give leverage to everyone in this room. But the second book I wrote was called the thank you economy. The orange one up there. And that is the one I'm asking you to act on right now because I see something that is unbelievable. How many people here have over 100 former clients that they've had?

Raise your hands. This is it. You have a 100 people that you've used to work with. All I am asking you is to reach out to them and see how they're doing. Nothing else. Now, if you really know them, like if Dr. Matt Dematt, where are you, brother? Are you here?

&gt;&gt; My man, if we stopped working with each other, which I know you'd prefer, we don't. And we had not worked for 5 years. You could do one of those four things. Or you could even send me a little package with like a little jet sticker on it that would say I'm thinking of you. You would choose. You could do the four reachouts or a fifth thing which is a surprise and delight because this was somebody that worked with you for 3 years and you know they love the Jets or hockey or what have you. All I'm asking you to do is to scale the unscalable. I am asking you to scale the unscalable.

I want you to put good oldfashioned 1940s. And this is the whole game that we're about to go into, friends. The whole world is about to be a barbell. Extreme technology over here, AI, robots, weirdass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that we're not ready for. And then all the way over here, 1950s. I believe 2035 is going to look more like 2075 and 1975. And this is an opportunity because now you have nothing to complain about or cry. You don't want to be on this new technology kick with me.

Masletoough, but you better be on some old grandpa [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from the 1940s. And if you don't do one of the two, well, you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So I am asking I do you know on a side note real quick I do not understand the concept of crying and complaining. We have become like if I just make can make a quick societal note for kicks and giggles this morning. We have become unbelievably good at wow wow. I promise you everything that you're concerned about with AI or the macro government or things of that nature. How many people in this room are doing well this year financially? Make some noise. &gt;&gt; Great.

Thank you. Now what? &gt;&gt; Keep going. &gt;&gt; If they can then what is our complaint? What is there? What's going AI is happening, macroeconomies happening. Why did so many one more time if you were doing well this year even actually this is important. Who's off to a better start this year than last year?

Raise your hand. Now what? Anyway, I'll go back to this. I need every person here. This is the most guaranteed way. The new technology stuff. I don't know your capacity for adaptability, for curiosity, for discipline. I really don't know.

I don't know how long you're willing to hold your breath to learn all this stuff to get paid on the other side. The new stuff. Why am I so good at it? I like losing in the micro. I am patient. I am willing to eat the crap to get to the other side of the rainbow. Most people aren't. I do things that take me two, three, four years to get the dividends of my work.

I was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] making videos on musically when it was me and a bunch of 14-year-old girls. It was creepy and I was scared I was going to get called out, but I knew Tik Tok was coming and I was prepared for the moment. Who here thinks this AI thing is a fad and no big deal? Raise your hands. No one. So, let me get this straight. There's not one person in this room who thinks it's a fad and no big deal. But what I do know is that many of you complain about it, worry about it, give me all the societal reasons why you don't do it, why it's wrong.

You don't think it's wrong. You're scared of what it's going to do to you. You're not mad at it. You're mad at it's going to take your money or your children. The first one you can control. The second one's going to get a little weird as I told you. But I'm telling you right now, what is running through my head before I go into this Q&amp;A is I'm just asking all of you, you're going to have to pick one. And for whoever is a psycho enough to actually have their actions map their ambitions or the words that come out of their mouth, you need to do both.

Who here is actually going to double the size of the revenue in their business in the future of their career? Who believes that to be true? Raise your hands. Great. Then every one of you who just did that have to do both. You will have to do both. I do think the second thing I'm talking about really works for a lot of people here. I think a lot of you will actually get tremendous joy out of saying hello to former clients and things of that nature.

It will be a nice life event. It's incredibly controllable. Again, you're going to have to be self-aware. You know, you're going to have to not be delusional about it. Some of your former clients don't like you, but you need to be strategic. You need to pick one of the ways to do it. But I'm telling you, here's why I'm doing it. I'm not telling you to do it because I think they're gonna re-up with you and you're going to remind them and they're gonna be like, "Oh, I need you." I think if you really do it the way I'm saying, which is just be a good person and just say hello and just say, "Hope everything's been going well." Or again, why I brought up the Jets thing with me and Dr.

Matt, some sort of reference. I mean, if they're a hockey fan, exactly the time right now is to say, "What's up, gold medal? Let's go, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Canada." You know that thing. I love Canada, by the way. I'm actually going to So, I believe if you do that, if you do that, what's actually going to happen is you're going to hit me up. I'm going to be like, "Oh, that's nice." And then I'm going to realize that my sister has some neck thing going on or somebody in my office needs a recommendation. You are just going to be top of mind. When you reach out, you are not looking for a transaction.

You are looking to say hello. Let the chips fall where they fall. But I'm telling you, especi one more time, over a hundred former clients, raise your hands. Like, hi, please, if you don't mind. It's intoxicating to me what's going through my mind right now. You just do not understand how little time and effort it could take to say, "What's up? How you been? Hope you're staying on the protocol or whatever the hell you say.

You know your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't need to know. I just need to know that you are committed." How many people are committed to putting in the 50 to 100 dirt 1950s hours to do what I just said? Raise your hand. That that that doesn't take you knowing new technology. I don't have to hear an excuse, Gary. I don't get it. I didn't grow up with this. You didn't grow up with anything.

Didn't grow up knowing how to drive when you were nine. You learned it. You didn't grow up with the internet. If you're one of those people, you learned it. You need to learn this AI thing. you must start using it, please. It's a big deal. Final point, whether there's this is very narrow and then we're going to go into Q&amp;A.

There's another platform that has really caught my attention and is gaining incredible steam. How many people here do not make social media content cuz they don't like the way they look on video or they're awkward when they're video? Raise your hands. It's okay. Be vulnerable, please. Raise your hands. Higher because you're being weird about it. I'm empathetic to that.

I will say one quick thing to all of you and then I'll move on. We are not in seventh grade anymore. People saying you're ugly or not interesting or what have you. You do not need to be over the top and high energy. You could be monotone. There's many different ways to deliver information. I would like to ask you to try to get out of high school, but I won't even push you to that even though that's what I think. what I'm bringing up to those hands.

And one more time, I apologize. I know doing this a lot, but I'm collecting data. The people that are awkward on video, but that just raised their hands, but believe that they are good writers. They enjoy writing or they think they're solid at it. Raise your hand if you're part of that group. Great. So, the people that just raised their hands twice, you must get very serious about spending 5 to 10 hours of doing homework on Substack. How many are familiar with Substack in here?

Raise your hands. This is exciting. Down. How many people have never heard of Substack before? Raise your hands. Most of the crowd. Beautiful. This is what I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] live for.

I'm pumped right now, my friends. Substack is one of the most important new platforms of information. It is really a newsletter, email type. It's written content. It's become remarkable. In fact, I believe one person in here is about to make more money being a writer on Substack that charges $3.99, $7.99, $9.99 a month to their subscribers, like paid for information, which is really rare in the last 15 years than they do in their practice. I believe someone in this room based on this rant in 10 years is going to send me an email and say they were in this room today and they have now eclipsed in revenue their subscription revenue for their written content than actually the revenue they get from their practice. If you are a good writer, please go do 5 hours of homework.

And literally this is how you do it. You go into chat GPT and you're like Gary Vee just talked about Substack. I'm a chiropractor. What do I need to know? Enter. Information is now useless. It is literally a commodity. It is not valuable.

Yet people will pay for it if they connect with the person. Substack is an incredible opportunity for a lot of you. It will be a lead genen to your business. You will do the jabbing, not the right hooks. You will show up and write things that people should do, tips and tricks, things that you've observed in being in this business for 20 years. Classic mistakes that people make after they stop using your service. All the things. You know the things.

You did not come here for this event and you don't know your things. Substack. Do the homework my friends. Preparation. The theme of this being ready for the moment is very very interesting and exciting mentally. But if you are not practicing, let me put the framework of this talk into the way I think about it. I need all of you to take 2026 and make it an action year, not a thinking year. You want to grow or fix your business or make yourself bulletproof or be prepared for the moment?

Well, guess what? Good news everyone. They picked a great theme cuz the moment's coming. It's calling AI and it's coming after you. But good news, you can take it and control it. Like one of those weird stories where the sword's more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] powerful the person and you can team the sword and weaponize it for you or have it slice your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] head off. That's up to you. I picked the first one.

Thank you. Q&amp;A. Let's do Q&amp;A. &gt;&gt; Gary following your stuff for a long time. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother. &gt;&gt; Um, very detailed. Last year asking about podcast and I asked you about that again. You're supposed to be 8:55 on my show.

I'm on 770 right now. Uh for your niche authority, for a niche authority podcast like mine chairo hustle serve your specific profession like chiropractic, what's the biggest leverage way to turn a podcast from a content machine into an industry growth engine? &gt;&gt; More. How many when you do your podcast, do you film it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we do uh on Streamyard. &gt;&gt; Great. How many clips from the podcast do you put out on social networks? &gt;&gt; We probably put out two reels per show and then the live one goes out to 20 platforms.

&gt;&gt; Great. I think that How long is an average show? &gt;&gt; 45 minutes. &gt;&gt; Great. I think that you need to put out somewhere between 25 and 40 pieces of content to seven different platforms in social to bring awareness to make it a machine. &gt;&gt; Game on. Thank you. You got it.

&gt;&gt; I developed an app to help people with chronic dizziness. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Dizziness. &gt;&gt; Vertigo. &gt;&gt; Yes. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Okay. Interesting.

&gt;&gt; Steadiness. They get house down. They don't work. They &gt;&gt; y &gt;&gt; and to make sure there's um accountability and culture. They get the answers they need. As part of the 12week course, they have a weekly video call with me and my team. &gt;&gt; That's amazing. &gt;&gt; Onetoone group calls.

&gt;&gt; Love. &gt;&gt; The problem is we got too many leads. There's too many people to come and we're all exhausted. &gt;&gt; That's the stupidest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I've ever heard in my life. &gt;&gt; I'm trying to think, do we we I need the right people. So, we need growing team or I can make an AI clone for myself. But my worry is that the AI clone people don't do the don't do the work. &gt;&gt; Yes.

The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you think we're talking about here? &gt;&gt; So, I actually need people in America. So, if there's any good people who visited rehab in America, can these guys get a judge? &gt;&gt; Yeah, just stand in that corner and let them all run up to you afterwards. No, I'm serious. Go in that corner. No, really, that's that'll work. See, what I'm doing I'm being serious.

What I'm This is This There's a reason I'm doing this. One, I assume there might be seven to 10 people that want to talk. I'm being serious about this 1950s and 2050 thing. He's just now standing in the corner. This is but what I mean by that is this is how you had a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in 1957. You couldn't be like call me on my cell here's my email. You had to like he's now in the corner and like 7 to 13 of you when I leave here are going to go talk to him and if you sat back down that wouldn't have happened. Old school [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] works too.

Let's clap it up for the corner man. &gt;&gt; Hi Gary. What would you recommend for people of my caliber who you we have grandchildren, you have a spouse and you need to learn. What kind of budgeting plan would you do in order to selflearn this processes versus you know going out and hiring a company to do so? So how would you &gt;&gt; zero dollars &gt;&gt; right? What time time frame budget I'm looking at? Now I understand. How interested are you not going out of business in the next 10 years?

&gt;&gt; Of course I'm I'm not going out of business. &gt;&gt; How how many hours do you work a day? &gt;&gt; Real talk. Don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me, Doc. &gt;&gt; I'm actually like 3 days a week I'm there about 10 hours. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I love it though. Cuz I really enjoy it and two days a week I'm I'm about 5 hours.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean you have a fuckload more hours. &gt;&gt; The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] else are you doing? No, really. I'm talking like like what are you doing with the other 100 hours a week &gt;&gt; with my spouse? &gt;&gt; Which is which is amazing. How many hours are you with your spouse, Doc? During the week, &gt;&gt; no comment.

&gt;&gt; I'm using you for everyone. Everyone here like, do you take a lunch? &gt;&gt; I do. &gt;&gt; How long is your lunch? &gt;&gt; 2 hours. I have not spent two hours on lunch in 31 years, Doc. I mean, dead [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] serious. I don't eat lunch.

I grew up in retail where we weren't allowed. Um, good news. I want to do that. Good news. You have unlimited time. This is about discipline about doing it. I highly recommend you putting 5 to 10 hours a week. Literally, the answers are free.

You don't need me. You're going to use AI to get good at AI and social for free, doc. And two-hour lunches. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] egregious. &gt;&gt; Question from there. So, I have a corporate wellness company and I hear you completely. I heard you last year. Staff up.

Staff up. I had over 20 employees. Today we have like six or seven and so I'm it we almost tanked. We almost tanked because you can tell me. &gt;&gt; You were getting the you did have the wrong people. &gt;&gt; That's now is there a way that I can use AI better? I feel like that's the position we're in right now. you're going to have to use AI so that you can judge if the people are good at it.

This is the biggest mistake people made about social the last 15 years. They didn't want to do it, so they let their like niece do it or like some kid found in the street cuz they were a kid and they didn't know how to judge if the person was good at it. So, you know, every mundane task is about to be AI. So you need to audit what and again you need to go sit down and literally use AI and say this is my like so how many people use voice when they prompt something instead of typing it out. So amazing. First of all, great job. I props sometimes that are like 6 minutes long. Here's my business.

Here's what we do. Here's what my six employees do. I have 30. I almost tank. This is what we do. This is how we do it. Here's what Sally does. Like you're talking for 15 minutes.

Enter. You literally at the end say, "What AI apps do I need to learn to then have them use it?" That the answers are free. The information is free. &gt;&gt; That Thank you. &gt;&gt; You're welcome. Carl Case here. In 2015, I built a tech that displays millions of jobs. I built Burger King mobile app, touchscreen kiosk, and website, sold it to Taco Bell, and Express.

&gt;&gt; Amazing. &gt;&gt; 40,000 installs in three years. &gt;&gt; Amazing. &gt;&gt; And I wasn't conscious. I didn't care about the jobs I was displacing. Now I have an AI tech that's displacing call center jobs by the thousands. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; How can I encourage those employees to do something else instead of just saying, "I'm sorry." &gt;&gt; By doing what I do.

make content explaining to them what they can do. And &gt;&gt; what what do you suggest for somebody that's only answered calls for businesses overseas in the past? How can I encourage somebody else? &gt;&gt; There's two forms of people that do that. One that actually start doing vibe coding and AI stuff that actually puts them on the offense to get the microeconomics of SAS and AI that beats them up. Or they go completely analog in 1950s and tell them to start a running club or a pickle ball. I'm being serious. the world is going to extreme tech or extreme analog, right?

Like you telling someone in the Philippines who's in a call center by making content being like, I am the human and there's many like me that are building things that are going to change your world, but here are three to four sources of ideas or people like Gary or other things or your own ideas like you know what I know which is the extreme technology thing. Like people are wildly underestimating what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is about to happen. On the complete other side, if we go into this efficiency world, as someone who who's pissed as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at doc for his 2-hour [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lunches, I do see a world where we may go to three and four day work weeks cuz efficiencies are so high. The big companies make so much money that governments are subsidizing the displacement of work. Imagine if we go into a world where we're working three and four days a week. The biggest companies in the world that won the AI revolution are subsidizing some form of rebate back to us because it's so extreme. Stick with me here. That extreme capitalism has undertones of socialism.

Just stick with me here. And let's just say everyone's cool with it and we're at three and day work weeks. The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you think we're going to do the other four days? If we go to four day weekends, running clubs, hinging, sports, concert, the whole world's gonna I would tell you to tell them to become electricians if they can on the side. I really appreciate where you're coming from. It's you probably know this is what drives me to do that. I'm doing my thing, but I'm also trying to contribute. I think you tell them the truth of whatever you know to be true.

&gt;&gt; You're welcome. &gt;&gt; You said you did 472 posts yesterday. Yes. &gt;&gt; For this audience, how many do we need to be in order to be 310? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a great question. At bare minimum, if you're really going for it, one post that is posted on YouTube shorts and Tik Tok and Facebook and LinkedIn and Twitter, right? So, to me, you could do one, but it goes on seven platforms. If you did that daily, that's at least enough for me to be like, "Hey, you're not bullshitting it." The biggest issue for a lot of people here is they're only on Instagram or only on Tik Tok or maybe on both.

And they're leaving Facebook, which is massive, LinkedIn, which is massive. If you make content, do you know any business people like me or the people that need you the most cuz we're on planes all day and sitting like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiots. We'll make that content speaking to them. So, I would I would take one. So, that's what I would do. &gt;&gt; Thank you, sir. &gt;&gt; You're welcome. Next question.

Mike. &gt;&gt; Hi Gary. I go to chiropractic PT Sports Men Clinic and we know where whatnot's going. &gt;&gt; Where? &gt;&gt; Uh in California. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; We know where whatnot's going. How do we get the clinic on whatnot?

&gt;&gt; Well, whatnot is a platform that's live shopping. And notice, you know, it's my favorite topic right now, but I didn't really bring it up here. &gt;&gt; I mean, how many people here sell a physical item? Raise your hands. So for everyone who just raised their hand, Tik Tok shop and whatnot are very important because live shopping the QVCification of social media is here. It's huge in China and Asia. It's now here. So you sell stuff &gt;&gt; like you know small products but you know in the in the medical field we can't sell certain things.

So I passed AI and it didn't give me much. I was scared &gt;&gt; you know. Thank you cuz I'm better than AI. I'm just kidding. I'm destroyed by, by the way, my career is wrapping up, too. Like, you just type in like, what would Gary Vee say to this? I keep doing it. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right every [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] time.

Um, well, you have to make something that you can sell. Like, this goes back to like when I was crying about when I was selling liquor and wine on the internet in '96, I couldn't ship to 30 states. I couldn't cry about it. I focused on the 20 states that I could ship to. You know, if you can't sell [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like, you're not going to change city hall. Even though me and that gentleman there who's 82 are going to try like you just got to live in reality and so you need to create a product you can sell live shopping's hu I mean again one of the biggest things that runs through my mind one of the reasons I love this audience is this is entrepreneurship and I always wonder like what else can all these people be doing that's not just what they decided to do like what is the moonlighting hours right maybe the gentleman doctor is doing 2hour hour lunches and only 30 40 hours a week because maybe he's not as passionate about as he thinks. Like he said he was still passionate, but maybe selling a hat or peanut butter or skis might really get him going, you know? So, you might be able to if you're if you're asking me about whatnot, you're kind of curious/interested in this space, but maybe you start a net new thing or something that's tangental to this, even if it's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] merch about your place, like, you know, taste it.

Okay, this is our last question. It's from Colton. &gt;&gt; Sorry gang. &gt;&gt; Hey Gary. Uh, this is from the show of like hands and stuff. We're trying to reach people in their 45, 65, maybe a little bit older. &gt;&gt; Facebook. &gt;&gt; Facebook.

Okay. I'm just like, is it volume that we're just not giving them? &gt;&gt; Yes. Or you might suck at it. &gt;&gt; Okay. So thumbnail first 3 seconds the copy the creative is the variable right there's a is it up there um if you go to garyve.com/attention I literally made a 55page deck for free not trying to collect your data don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pure karma the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I'm telling you go to garyve.com/attention download that and do that it is the volume how many piece of this you know this the same you've watched me do news forever. People are not making enough comments. Ready?

Watch this. One, two, 3. Why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] don't I have muscles? If you're posting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] once a week on Instagram and you didn't even By the way, I did. My first push was a little whack. the second and third was better. Like, if you don't if you're posting once a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] week on Instagram and it's not even a good post, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you think is going to happen? We're all of us are way short on volume and way short on form.

You got to get good at it. I I have I spend hours thinking about my thumbnail, the copy I'm going to write. Like, I'm in it. It's a skill to get 4,000 views versus 13. to get 40,000 views versus 4,000 to get 4 million views. So, you've got to get good at the things. That's why I made that deck. So, check that out.

Maybe it'll get you and the team better at it. But, it's reps and form. You guys understand reps and form. &gt;&gt; It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that. All right. See you.
