# t6hw_llkIAc

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6hw_llkIAc

---

Tik Tok live is an uncomfortably big opportunity and I love it because it pushes what I push on everyone to the limit because it's nasty in those comments. &gt;&gt; This isn't interesting. &gt;&gt; Not impressed. &gt;&gt; Why would anyone buy this? &gt;&gt; This feels forced. &gt;&gt; I expected better &gt;&gt; because it's all people that don't know you and like it gets dirty and they're fat. I mean, I get a billion comments when I go on. Like almost every other comment's like Gary Ve's falloff needs to be studied.

Like all right, cuz they think that me being live is like bad or like I don't know, like below me. It's nasty in there and it is the most worth it. There's no platform on earth right now that you can have more people discover you that don't know who you are than Tik Tok Live because they just pound it in the FP. &gt;&gt; Question for you, Gary. If you had to start from scratch today in 2025 and build your personal brand, what would you do? &gt;&gt; Me personally, I would rely on my improv natural on camera confidence ability and I would uh I would do what I did, which was make a lot of content, but I would also today Instead of what what I did which was over a long period of time build a 20 40 50 person company for process and creative I would equally in parallel get my hands dirty on whether it's vibe coding or like I would spend the in the hours I spent on trying to figure out how to get followers what content to make and these days how does the algorithm work what thumbnail what this I would spend on um getting good at AI tools to help me make more content, to have a better process, to have a better testing environment. But the number one thing that I think I do that I think people continue to not do back in, you know, a decade ago, I was like make content and most people didn't. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

&gt;&gt; Now I say make content everywhere and most people don't. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; They are Tik Tok Instagram centric. Almost everyone watching right now is so one or twodimensional. Facebook and I I think there are people here that YouTube shorts will be their breakthrough. I think LinkedIn is starting to get more and more obvious. I was wildly early on LinkedIn yelling and now that's getting more obvious. &gt;&gt; Um and then there's little, you know, versions.

There's the written game, you know, the whole Substack Beehive game. Um there's the audio game, which is a podcast. It is content, content, content. But the problem is everyone knows that you know almost everyone's crippled by like how do I break out? What's my niche? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And and that you know you know what I did with the Stan challenge. I went off script from what Stan wanted not wanted but like what we planned into things like random content or be Walmart and have tons of different stuff in your store.

I believe in those things. It goes back to what I think you're doing well of like GMs of different things. People need to try, experiment more, be more curious with their content, and they have to realize they have to be authentic. Meaning, it's such a cliche word, but people think they have to be an expert or a charismatic supernova. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I actually think most people really enjoy watching people go through their journey. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; More than people realize.

So, like there's somebody right now who's watching who's breakthrough is actually them learning surfing. Ah, you surf. Yes. &gt;&gt; I do not. &gt;&gt; Yes. If I I believe that if I started making a ton of content of my journey of trying to learn to surf, it'd probably be the best content I'm making currently right now, people like a good journey if it's authentic. There's so many [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] posers out here acting like marketing experts cuz they literally watch my video and then go make a video regurgitating what I said. I get it and it's clever or slimy depending on how one wants to look at it.

But it's not going to work cuz you're going to get exposed. It has to be you and it's either what you're really into or what journey you're going through and that journey can be very intense. Uh was talking to a woman the other day who's going to make content around she's just starting to hit menopause. &gt;&gt; Great niche. &gt;&gt; I think so. It's incredible because it's, you know, it's something many every woman, you know, hopefully they get to the age, you know, you don't die young like you're going to go through it and it's powerful. She's going through it. She's not 10 years later talking as an expert, as a doctor who also went through it.

She's like, I'm in it right now. And I think I I wish people knew how awesome the content game could be cuz everyone's insecure of how well they'll do, not disciplined enough to stay the course, but but it starts with a strategy just like we talked about for business. &gt;&gt; And I think they need to know what they're doing. And I think the documenting of going through is very big and still wildly underused. And so you're bringing up the second question which is how do I get past my fears for anyone who's watching? How do I how do I get out of my head past my fears and then also stay disciplined and consistent in that. &gt;&gt; I think discipline I think fear eliminates discipline immediately. So it's why I focus so much of my content on fear.

&gt;&gt; Look I mean this is uh potentially a therapy thing. Real talk like you know depending how deep your fear is. Like if you grew up with parents that every single day everything was like you're going to get kidnapped and the house is going to burn to the ground and we're going to run out of like you're you're you're trauma is real on fear. You've been taught to be scared. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; That may take therapy. &gt;&gt; Uh then another thing that breaks people out is who they hang with. Mhm.

&gt;&gt; I can tell you for sure I am on the receiving end of extraordinary amounts of comments of I was the person through the digital device that got them over their fear. &gt;&gt; I am a prime example of that. &gt;&gt; So it's either content podcast you listen to and I think very much the people you surround yourself with. I mean, you know, you surrounded yourself with Ivy League school kids that you were, you know, an immigrant kid came up, but then you got your way to a place where and a lot of those people were actually risk adverse. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Let me go to investment banking. Let me go to VC. And when you're around that, especially when it's under the facade of like a big university or something, you can without realizing it fully believe that's the right way.

&gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; But those kids often are fearbased because they don't want to fail because they've done well their whole life. They got A's in high school. They went to Georgetown undergrad. They go to HBS or Stanford after. Like optically, society's like, "Oh, you're a winner." But they know what I know about them. They're scared shitless to do something like a startup because they're going to lose because they know they don't have it. And why would they take that L in front of everyone?

&gt;&gt; So sometimes it's who you hang out with. Um, and then other people get it from real deep mental work like truly meditation, truly hiking, surfing, I know is therapeutic for you. By the way, the Jets, even though most people think they bring me enormous stress and angst, me caring so deeply about something as silly as football, you know, for, you know, a quarter of the year really is therapeutic for me. It allows me like when I'm in that vortex those three hours, bro. &gt;&gt; You're locked in, &gt;&gt; bro. You could literally text me and be like, "Did you see the internet and technology and wine has been banned in society?" I'm like, "Bro, later we're down 7 nothing in the first quarter." Like, that's like in a trance. So, you know, hiking, you know, I know running does this for a lot of people. Maybe there's a physical act that can be the unlock of your fear that you like realize like oh my discipline in this thing I can make this connection point of this physical thing to my mental thing but it it is people need to understand that they're insecure.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; They they have to understand that. I know this because I feared rejection from girls in middle school, high school, and college. I know what it is. &gt;&gt; Totally. &gt;&gt; And and thus I missed out on a lot of good stuff. I don't like getting the DMs from girls from high school, college being like, "Why didn't you ever ask me out? I thought you were cute." I'm like, "Do you or is it because I'm Gary Ve," you know?

But but still, it doesn't matter. Um whether it is or it isn't, I know it to be true. I even knew it to be true long before all this stuff. Like in like when I was in college, high school girls told me and I was like, "Fuck, man. I'm such a pussy." Right? But like it was the one place in my life that I actually feared rejection. So I understand what it is and I which means I understand it's bad. You are leaving yourself out of upside.

&gt;&gt; All right. What's your question? &gt;&gt; What would you say is the best way to not have like so much like burnout and like keep the enjoyment going? Cuz I feel like I for me is it is it to hire more or is it to &gt;&gt; the burnout? like I it's been really enjoyable and then there's been this point where I'm like okay what comes next and how do I continue to get it to grow and get bigger in this world where I'm still like loving it. &gt;&gt; I think the first and foremost thing and this is for all of you is by accepting that there's moments where it's not growing. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Uh two years ago 20 in in 2024 Vayner X had a very soft year like like and 2023 was phenomenal and I just wildly overinvested because I'm playing forever and we just everything I thought would happen took 6 months into 24 to happen not January and it destroyed the year like destroyed it.

like if I was a publicly traded CEO, I would have had heat. Um, and then last year was phenomenal. And this year is going to be phenomenal because I learned even at my level and I've been in the game for a long time. I learned a couple of very subtle things in 23 that in 24, excuse me, that I deployed in for 26. And so I think the biggest issue all of you have is you don't have grace for yourself. &gt;&gt; I think the biggest issue all of you have is you don't listen to your body. Like like I listen to my body. Like today it happened.

I was supposed to have a pretty significant workout um in my normal and I texted Mike. I'm like instead of skipping I'm just going to come down and I just want to do soft tissue. And like that's what we did. Like I'm pissed about the lack of discipline. &gt;&gt; Like I know what I was supposed to do, &gt;&gt; but I just knew this morning like where I was at. &gt;&gt; And I just don't think today's not overexecuting on what I'm supposed to do is some devastating thing. And I I think that most people get caught with their businesses by taking too much money out of their business for their own personal stuff, which means that you have no breathing room for if it gets soft and then when it does, you know, like so I think it's managing your cash flow, but more importantly managing your mindset. It's kind of like an athlete like the greatest athletes of all time.

If we just pulled up their stats right now on the screen, there are seasons that they were completely dominant and there are seasons that they were below their normal standard and who knows what was going on in their lives. &gt;&gt; It might have been some adversity in their family. They might have, you know, in sports they might have tweaked, you know, if we tweak our ankles, our businesses are going to be okay. But I think I think the reason I never burn out is because of my relationship with myself. I love that. &gt;&gt; I I promise you the reason every one of you burn out or have micro burnouts is fully based on how you handle you. &gt;&gt; You put too much pressure, right? &gt;&gt; And once you have success, you're putting more pressure now.

You're contributing to the income in the family to those like I I get it, &gt;&gt; but you've already gone through much harder perseverance. You were in a real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] spot when that whole thing blew up and you had nothing. So now you have something. So I I I think that I think not being delusional about your ambitions. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; You know, I know Arlin very well. Like she was so hungry. Like I wonder I don't know.

I wonder if she went through this cuz she was more in that Silicon Valley. Like I see a lot of people are like I'm going to be a billionaire and I'm always shook. I'm like please do not do that. &gt;&gt; Because then if you're like make you make $60 million in your life, you're a loser. &gt;&gt; Really? You know what I mean? Like I I you know it's like this is all about you and you. &gt;&gt; Mhm.

you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What was the biggest thing you learned from the challenge? &gt;&gt; That I can do crazy things. Like I've been a stay-at-home mom for like a decade. And so the fact that like I did this, it was like a year ago right now. So I'm going to start crying a year ago now. I would have never thought I would be like in New York City for this.

So &gt;&gt; awesome. Good for you. Thank you. You're welcome. And I think that's super that's super powerful. Like my concern is if you're just finding that out now, a lot of people revert back to not remembering it. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Make sure as you go forward the next 50 years in those times where you will forget.

You need to know you can. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because you can. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So that's awesome. Good for you. You're welcome. &gt;&gt; Thank you.

&gt;&gt; Question. &gt;&gt; Okay. So I am the person who literally like we're flying over here and I'm like babe to my husband. I'm like, "This is a hole in our industry. We have to make a product for it. We have to make a course for it." And so what I found myself, and we were just chatting about it, is I have these three different buckets. I coach real estate agents how to build their real estate business. Then I have the business, like teaching business owners how to scale through social media.

And now I have the coaching for teaching people how to do a coaching course on digital products. How do I choose while still being like present in my family and all of that? Like, how do I choose which one to focus on to scale? because I want to do them all simultaneously because I get excited about new ideas. &gt;&gt; You can I mean it depends on what you're trying to maximize. I have 13 meaningful businesses. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like big ones.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I I could probably make more money if I decided to focus on less. &gt;&gt; I know. That's what I keep hearing. But I'm not a less person. &gt;&gt; I'm actually starting three new businesses this year. &gt;&gt; You started three on the way here. Like &gt;&gt; Yeah.

So what's the problem? That's my answer. &gt;&gt; I just don't want to like I guess &gt;&gt; Would you like to make a little bit more money or would you like to have a little more happiness, &gt;&gt; right? So, I guess if it stops being fun, then that's when you that's indicated, &gt;&gt; by the way, I do that, too. That's exactly right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; I actually I actually was just with my comm's team. I'm like, "Hey, after I'm done with these next three businesses, most people in here don't know that I co-created and co-owned Resi, the restaurant app.

Most people don't know that I did a direct to consumer wine brand and sold it in 18 months. Most people don't know that I have a meaningfully hot, one of the most significant restaurant groups in Manhattan right now. Most people don't know that I have a TV production company that has shows on Amazon Prime and Netflix right now. Veinner Watt. Even my deepest fans in here don't know that exists. So I said to the coms team, I'm like, I need a real like a real feature just cuz I need it for myself and I need it for the narrative cuz my brand matters to my world. I'm like, I want a cover of a magazine called The Juggler and I want like eight like I take a cool photo with like because I can't juggle and like, you know, like just throw them all up and like I want an in-depth story of like how deep my career actually is. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

&gt;&gt; Like some people just think I'm just a motivational speaker, let alone all the other stuff. So, um that's what makes me happy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And by the way, I I'm not sure that I would make more money if I if I &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; focused on it because I wouldn't be as happy, which is my fuel. &gt;&gt; Then I wouldn't work as much, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; I wouldn't be as impactful. &gt;&gt; So what's the punch line here, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Like yeah, this is why I'm always very care.

If you listen to how I talk and make content, I will do specific stuff sometimes like be on TikTok, right? like that will come out for me. But like most of it is macro and asking all of you to figure out what this means for you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because everyone's different in here, right? &gt;&gt; Some people are would hate having more than one business. &gt;&gt; Who here hates small talk? Real talk.

Real talk. Raise your hands. Raise it high. Who hates small talk? Like you go to an event. &gt;&gt; Who here loves small talk? &gt;&gt; So like we're different. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

Like when I go to an event, I only want a small talk. My wife is like, "But it's not deep." I'm like, "Okay, it's not deep, but for me, it's deep." Like, I don't know. Like, you know, like, you know, like like, and this is where I'm trying to go, like, like things are different. Like, you're allowed &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And and I would argue for creative people that really need it. What I'm scared of is your sixth thing &gt;&gt; might be the biggest by far, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; You may sense it. The boys might all be bigger and you might be like, "Now I'm ready to go super deep." By the way, Vayner was just one of them for me.

&gt;&gt; I already know what my sex is. &gt;&gt; Well, then then then like then you know the answer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You just need affirmation from someone who is also doing that &gt;&gt; to give you some leverage in the debate that you have with yourself from other people that are telling you to focus on one. &gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you. &gt;&gt; You're welcome. What can I answer?

Um there's been a lot of questions today about you know how to scale with bandwidth and using AI and everything. Um I think I think the best thing is that what question are we not asking that we should be asking right now? &gt;&gt; Uh that's a good question. I would say one thing you should definitely it's less of a question. It's something I'd like you to keep with yourselves is that this is going to be an and game not an orame with AI. I think a lot of people are about to make a mistake of underinvesting in employees and teammates because they think AI is going to take care of it and they're going to find out in a 3 to sevenyear window that it was like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it was and not or &gt;&gt; right so it's you know you know in the short term AI is is a little bit misunderstood in like oh okay I have seven employees now I can have two because AI can do it and I'm like but what about having seven employees and AI as well cuz that's what you're going to compete with. AI is not taking the job. People that use AI is taking the job.

So my point is cool, you can go to two people and all three of you will use AI &gt;&gt; and that'll be amazing. you will act like you're 13 people, but you're going to compete with somebody who has seven people and they like so I I I think the one mindset that I hope people understand is this is competition and you know, you've got to think about what it actually means. And I think people are going to get caught on not understanding how to make their teams an AI enabled human-based team versus one or two humans with a whole lot of AI. I think that's going to be the miss. And by the way, that could be 22 people and AI. Like again, if you're selling underwear and you have 22 people in AI at that are good and you're competing with a company that has 44 people and AI that also are good, they're going to beat you &gt;&gt; because there's a multiplier on the human with the AI. It's like a these are weapons. &gt;&gt; So that's that's one thing that I'm worried that people are missing.

you know, they're so fixated on the costs and the efficiency that they'll I actually think the rise of human value weirdly gets way high during this era and that's going to be the weird like retrospective articles of like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it was the humans all along. &gt;&gt; I think that's what's going to happen. So I think and having that strategy and mindset or at least whether you're completely on the other side of this debate for me having in your head right now to go along with how you see it will be I think helpful for people as things evolve in the next 24 months. &gt;&gt; Fantastic. &gt;&gt; Good Rusty. &gt;&gt; Pleasure man. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thanks for being here.

&gt;&gt; You see Horosi making 100 million in three days. You see Mr. Beast is Mr. Beast &gt;&gt; and the Paul's &gt;&gt; brothers whatever. &gt;&gt; Every one of them &gt;&gt; Alex Earl, Alex Cooper. Well, every one of them has been here. &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; or you've or they just said from afar you inspired them. &gt;&gt; When that happens, I know I know you.

So, I know that you are happy about that &gt;&gt; in a real way. &gt;&gt; Do you ever feel like you're not getting the credit for that? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Never. &gt;&gt; It never crosses your mind that &gt;&gt; No. I mean, obviously, like I just said, I want to write an article that talks a little bit more about my business thing. That's not me like I need your credit. I'm like that's just like I need to do this because it's smart.

like this will help some way for me and my organization or give a clearer picture or somebody who's looking at me and not taking my advice for like he doesn't really do business. I'm like do you know how much business I have? Like I'm thinking from that lens &gt;&gt; that they would that people would listen even closer if they understood that &gt;&gt; seven years ago Hormos is looking at you reading your books &gt;&gt; and that's a germ. I mean that's a seed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean look I'm not the first human on earth. I don't I was weird. I learned it in the trenches because I didn't have the luxury of growing up in the world where I could have looked at the Garry's I like you know uh Ted Turner I feel like I have some really similar comp.

So there was no way to understand what he was doing. I was also and you know this about me I'm incredibly uh intellectually generous. &gt;&gt; I put out that deck for free that everybody would have sold. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; All of you sold it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like you you know what I mean? Like like I like I really am that person.

No, I know. &gt;&gt; I know. You know you you're the only person that John's starting to like John actually knows more today than before. Like you guys know you guys you really know. You're like really getting to know &gt;&gt; a lot that happens behind the scenes without the cameras. &gt;&gt; Of course that happens. &gt;&gt; There have been there's never been a time where I've texted Gary where he didn't answer within like five minutes &gt;&gt; where he's just like answer this qu like &gt;&gt; you know and I don't do it often. I do it when it's really important, but there's never been a time where it's been like, I'm going to hold that.

I'm going to hold that so that someone else doesn't win from that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I just I I'm competitive. I'd like to be the best businessman of all time. But I do get joy of people winning. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I get joy when people win on my derivative &gt;&gt; and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on me. &gt;&gt; Really?

&gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because again, &gt;&gt; forget about even just giving me credit. It's one thing to be like a real derivative of me &gt;&gt; and not give me my flowers is what you were asking. Doesn't bother me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm even so psycho that there's people that have fully built their whole thing and like to raz me &gt;&gt; cuz it makes them feel better. &gt;&gt; I'm not bothered. I feel bad.

&gt;&gt; I'm like, "Oh, damn. Even with all this financial success, they're they're still in a place where they're insecure. I hope they get better." Like like that's and then I just move on and start. &gt;&gt; To be clear, most people do give you credit. I agree. That's behind the scenes. Behind the scenes. &gt;&gt; Behind the scenes.

Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. And that's what I've &gt;&gt; But I get it like like you know if you're making money through the audience and you're like, "Hey, let me tell you everybody. You know how you're paying me." By the way, you know where I learned it all? Him. And like like I get why some people might think that would be a mistake. They would be scared of that. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

I'm just I just am very very fortunate mentally and so I'm good. &gt;&gt; I'm very much the same way. Like I want more people to know. &gt;&gt; That's the whole point. That's the game. And when you were doing this these uh daily Vlogs, you had to know that &gt;&gt; people are going to take it and run with it. &gt;&gt; It was more extreme than that. The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] deck we just talked about that was really And by the way, everybody you just mentioned has been in this office asking direct questions and like I have hired my employees and like all of it.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's all good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's really all good cuz no one's taking from me. M that's that's &gt;&gt; that's the key. That's the point. You got it. No one's taking from me.

And like you know what the best part is? What's that? &gt;&gt; No one's taking from me. Many will be bigger than me. Many of the people you mentioned have will have different moments where they'll be more financially successful. But here's one thing. We both know, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; They know and I know.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And for me, &gt;&gt; that's worth the whole game. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like when I look directly in their eyes passing in an airport &gt;&gt; at an event, &gt;&gt; we both know &gt;&gt; and that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] feels the best for me, &gt;&gt; you know? Like I like that. That's what gets me off. Like &gt;&gt; can you humans went on to like make bill I mean I'm writing by the way I'm writing a book right now. My next book &gt;&gt; it's called the individual empire.

It's about all of us &gt;&gt; that the next great corporations &gt;&gt; corporations I'm talking like GE and Coca-Cola are built on the back of the human. I'm doing it right now &gt;&gt; by the way with all like and again Bartlett Alex the Paul brothers Alex Earl Alex they're all having what's that &gt;&gt; nice to have &gt;&gt; they're exactly Casey well Casey actually inspired me in a different way Casey was vlogging but I knew that I couldn't do it and that's how the D-Rock thing got invented &gt;&gt; which became the thing &gt;&gt; you know invested in him &gt;&gt; yeah I did a ton for yeah but I mean it goes you you can't even you know a lot like you have no idea Um, but that, you know, that makes me feel good about my life. Like, I'm a good person. Like, I get my self-worth from how you talk about me behind my back way more than how many books I sell. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So, that is my north star. And I'm going to build a drill thing, &gt;&gt; you know? Like, I'm doing both.

Like, so for me, it's like what? Like, definitely no one stopping me and and I'm happy for them. And I'm a human. Are there competitive juices? Sure. But not the way you would think. Like all every a lot of people are having their moments right now. I'm like I'm happy.

Like I'm just like I'm like great, you know? I don't know. Like it just doesn't it even if I have a human moment where I'm like can get a little competitive, it may sit there like I here's something for all of you. I would tell you that my anxiety or any feeling that I have that I would deem lesser than and I mean when I tell you there are not many humans on earth that walk around with less jealousy, envy than I do, which is the big one. Such a great thing that I got lucky just again DNA parenting circumstance. But anytime I have anything, I would call probably um I would call it uh angst or like anxiety like like the things I think now I've come to realize a lot of people deal with every second. If if it even gets in for like a nancond, man, that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sits for seven minutes. I I would argue that the biggest concerns of my life, like the most challenging moments in my life have had a half a day in me and then like it already started to transform.

I have this chemical capacity to take really significant emotional and financial challenges and turn it into pure offense and opportunity. &gt;&gt; Gary, can you walk through what your process is to process things emotionally so quickly? &gt;&gt; Perspective. I just go very quickly into counter chemicals. This is happening. But if somebody just called me and said my mom was dead, how would I feel? This means nothing. &gt;&gt; That's that's like the first pill I take.

&gt;&gt; The second pill is like I can live in a cardboard box. &gt;&gt; That's that's just real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk. Like that's why I always say come from nothing but have love in your family. You will never lose. Not every that's a unfortunately it's a rare group. But I actually often think that's why an immigrant wins a lot more than people realize. I think people default and immigrants win because they come from nothing. Immigrants win because family values and the way family works is America I I is amazing.

It's like it's my favorite country in the world. Next. It's culture is a little different. It just is. It's a newer country. It's different. Like it's just different. immigrants from a lot of other places in the world are like way more into their grandma as like the like way more into like kissing their father in the cheek, way more into like it's different.

Not everyone I know unlimited immigrant families that have very bad but it's I often think that immigrants do well and risky entrepreneurship other things because they grew up with nothing financially but there was joy throughout the house. So, so for me it's perspective very quick. Very quick. I mean I I hope this helps someone like every time something horrible happens horrible. I go to something that's actually horrible in my brain. It quickly is like the first pill I'll take. The second pill I'll take is just really playing it out like &gt;&gt; you know done has helped me is like the grass isn't always greener. People have this thing of like the what if they have this bias towards like and it's like what if that went worse then it seemed like it was going to happen like &gt;&gt; well I talk about that with my Uber investment right I lost a half a billion dollars cashion &gt;&gt; one decision that made no sense by the way on paper literally Travis at the time I was friendly with him was closer to me than Sid J Mo and John combined times two for you two that's how close we were the only person I thank in crush it besides my family And I had just bought an apartment and I was less liquid than I wanted and scared money doesn't make money &gt;&gt; and I just did something against my core princip.

That's the the part that hurts the most is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the money. I went against what I believe in. &gt;&gt; I played safe &gt;&gt; and I didn't invest and I would have made $450 million on the IPO. &gt;&gt; That's a lot. &gt;&gt; But like the butterfly effect is always in my mind. Like I would have been a I would have been a totally get hit by a car, &gt;&gt; you know? That's my number one. I always believe that I choke on a chicken bone in China or a bus hits me in Dallas if like I just believe in it.

Like I just choose to believe that everything that's bad actually is good. And here's what's crazy. I believe it. &gt;&gt; Not on like not on like yo I, you know, like like in like like I don't know what to tell you. I believe it. I don't know what you believe in the most. I don't know. Some of you believe in God the most.

Some of you believe in very logical things like you believe the sun will come up tomorrow. I believe in that quite a bit. I believe that everything that's happening to me is happening for the benefit every time. In all of my personal struggles that people know, in all of my professional struggles, many of which in all of it, all of it, all of it, in tragedies, whatever. It's all part of and I believe it. Thus, it becomes it's not a everything I'm telling you is not a band-aid. It's not makeup. It's my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] DNA.

&gt;&gt; You're going to win a Golden Globe. &gt;&gt; I'm going to win a Golden Globe. I get it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now, probably more likely for the Vfriend Friends animated movie than me being like the like like in Marty Supreme, but who knows? &gt;&gt; Awesome. Let's keep it going. &gt;&gt; How do you balance?

&gt;&gt; I like the sneakers. &gt;&gt; Notice that. &gt;&gt; Of course. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um the financial stress of like being the bread winner. It's funny like so literally while I've been here, my wife didn't send me text. We were going to take advantage she's traveling with me. We're going to take advantage of the fact that we're in the trip have a contractor just like there were some loose tiles.

&gt;&gt; We have black mold everywhere. So they're like &gt;&gt; tearing up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's real. &gt;&gt; We have to like rent the house. &gt;&gt; We're So how do you balance the very &gt;&gt; by running the marathon? Let me give you advice right now based on this real thing. &gt;&gt; I think it is wildly logical for you to consider getting a job for the next six months. Like that's how my brain works.

I'm like what's the problem? Like I get that you don't want to and I get that it's all exciting and here we are and yay but there's black [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mold. &gt;&gt; I don't know what you have in savings. I don't know what's coming in. But if you said to me if like think about what I'm say I know everyone wasn't ready for that one but what's the problem? &gt;&gt; My I just said it earlier back to the living in a box. My capacity to take a step backwards for a minute or for a decade is why I'm not scared of anything. I would work for someone.

I've never worked for somebody in my life. I ran my dad's business the second I was 15. &gt;&gt; My dad worked for me. Uh if everything [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fell apart, I would work for someone. What am I going to do? Like I got a lot of skills and obviously at this point in my life, my brand will protect me in perpetuity. But if my face fell off and I had a new face and people didn't believe that I was Gary Vee, like I would get a job. Like I'm I'm not embarrassed.

and the skills you've acquired in this period is like everyone wants characters like yourselves in &gt;&gt; I think it's really important for you to hear that for me because it's just super interesting. It just gives you tons more optionality. &gt;&gt; And by the way, like an employer is not owed loyalty in perpetuity. &gt;&gt; There's nothing wrong to go work for someone for 6 months and then leave. Now, if in the interview process I'm like, "Hey, man. If I'm going to give you this opportunity, I really need I do this sometimes, by the way, especially in my inner circle. I need two, three years from you and you know in your heart that's not happening." I think it's respectful and good karma to be like, "Hey, this is where I'm at and maybe you figure it out." But almost no one's going to ask that question. Like, we don't ask it at Vayner.

I ask it on team Gary just because I know what I'm up to. I think you need to hear that because I think that takes a lot of stress off your chest. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, especially if you historically risk adverse, you're not like visceral to what I just said. You don't want it. It's maybe not necessarily exactly what you want me to say in this micro moment, but I think you need to know it's an option. The other option is go make more money. &gt;&gt; Like the the intuition of like, oh, starting more business is stressful.

I can tell you this man when I get asked, "Oh, Carrie, like it's like he is a true entrepreneur that he cannot help himself but start another business when he has an opportunity where it's like, but Carrie, you have so many. We Vayner X has so many." It's like, "But there's an end." And it like, &gt;&gt; "Yeah, but but but it's but it's not an ideology. Vayner X had eight companies underneath it. I just announced a reorg. We have five now." So I don't get like some weird pride of it. It's just what I think is right. So, and again, you need to deploy that here. There I I do not think there's anything special about being an entrepreneur over an employee other than if you're capable to be an entrepreneur.

I think it's a really good thing to consider. And then if you're a sicko like me and some of you in this room where you're just not capable of anything else, well, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you supposed to do? If you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] butterfly, like, how do you be a rhino? Like, you just can't, you know? So, again, you have both capacities. I actually think in this exact moment of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mold that's a strength not a weakness. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Does that make sense?

&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; It just comes down to your risk. It also comes down to your tolerance. &gt;&gt; Like right like again like what blows me away is how many people are unable to live more humbly as an option to address the thing in front of them. people literally literally making catastrophic decisions because they're unable to cut out Uber and Starbucks and another handbag. Like catastrophic decisions. Like I watch employees here leave for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] holes for an extra 10,000 to not take care of their crack addiction to take care of their shopping addiction.

Thus, but by the way, fine. Other than I know they would have made a hundred,000 more in a four-year window. Like it's just like that's the discipline of like what are you doing with your money? How do you live? Obviously the lower you go down you're not like I I think it's unbelievably easy to live with $100,000 a year. &gt;&gt; I'm aware that on Instagram everyone feels like they need to make 17 million now a year, but like this is the real world and like a lot of people make 100 like you might not be able to live in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Hudson Yards in a tower. you might have to live in a rural suburb, but like you could, you know, and so like I don't know like I have unlimited optionality because of humility. I think that that's what I that's one part of it.

The other part is the complete reverse. Go super hard. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Go super like right now you know what it takes to get another three people to sign up. &gt;&gt; Well, just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bleed out of your eyes for 18 hours a day cuz that's what you want. Both are great in my mind. taking a job for six months and burning out and hustling hard for six months all are fine when you have responsibilities. I love how everyone's opinion of going hard is based on people that don't have responsibilities.

Thanks trust fund baby for telling everyone not to burn out. This person has three kids and a mortgage. What do you want them to do? &gt;&gt; As someone who is an eight-month-old but is also like has like an entrepreneurial bent. laborers hand working for an entrepreneur and a trust like Gary he needs the ball at the end of the game to shoot the gamewinning ship like he just he's like pass me the rock I'm like a I would love to assist I want to be on the court like working for an entrepreneur's not about this like like you can be successful and be your own but also like have a boss &gt;&gt; and you can change your mind back to what I'm really saying which is I don't know how dire or something like But like don't eliminate that because there's momentum on this. You can restart that momentum in 2 seconds. I always use health and fitness with just a good comp. Like yes, good news.

Like congratulations, you crushed it for 3 years. You lost 15 pounds. You gain a ton of muscle. Yes, you're normal human that doesn't fully love it. Like me, I don't fully love it. You've had a bad six months. All the weight's back. That doesn't mean that tomorrow you can't get right.

Like it's just like to like it's crazy. That's what's so awesome about life. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about what you did yesterday. In fact, there's a reverse of it. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] of what I've accomplished in my career. Every single day for the last 28 years, if tomorrow I start making bad decisions, the movie ends poorly. &gt;&gt; Did that help? &gt;&gt; Super helpful.

&gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; I'm going to work really hard then. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's the solution. &gt;&gt; And that's it. And and and then you got to then then in your situation, you got to look at wifey and be like, here's what's up. the mold like Friday night like we've been doing a good job just us you know every two weeks Friday night I might lose that because I need those four hours now because I got to get a Saturday like this is where like I hate societal like what's supposed to be work life balance what's who's what yeah there's no should &gt;&gt; so which is this is something that I just know Gary would say um is you you're going to make social content I assume pretty darn good yeah &gt;&gt; you find someone in your neighborhood who does black mold pl you go yo and I will make your content like I will like give you so hard &gt;&gt; it's a really good call my dad had to get a new $30,000 sign he didn't want to pay cuz he's my dad and and I've been consulting this Long Island sign guy worth like this guy made out like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bandit looked at first like oh my god he's g a $30,000 I'm like I was like he's going to win and sure enough he really won and to your point based on this so something worth consider and by the way you literally put that post out &gt;&gt; because there's somebody who you just helped lose 50 lbs who's a black mold expert who might do it for free because humans are good. &gt;&gt; 100%.

&gt;&gt; That might have been the one. Good job, JMO. &gt;&gt; Awesome. &gt;&gt; Humans are good. Humans are good. That's the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] biggest aha of it all. That's where people are confused. We're so good at focusing on the bad 0.01% right now.

It's got us all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Humans are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good. Straight up. &gt;&gt; The math is so obvious. &gt;&gt; Um, like I built my entire business while working a 9 toive job. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I worked full time.

Did &gt;&gt; 100%. &gt;&gt; And then when I did the stamp, like when I started my stand, I was still working full-time. It was like 60 hours a week as a strategist. My community and then my mentorship and uh yeah, it was a lot, but I did it all. &gt;&gt; You ready for this? I built Gary Vee while I had a 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. job.

&gt;&gt; That's actually the truth. &gt;&gt; By the way, I made content 2006 20 I made content for eight years before I had one person on my team helping me make content. &gt;&gt; Wow. I think we all needed to hear that. &gt;&gt; Real talk. &gt;&gt; I found it made me less desperate to be good at the thing. It just made me good at it because I wasn't desperate for the results because I had something. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

Exact. For sure. Like everyone's different. Some people back to J Mo. He's right about me. Like, I need to be down one. I need the whole world watching and I need to take the shot because I'm okay with missing it. I need I need that.

&gt;&gt; If you win the game to us, like if you won the game, you'll be like, "This is not my &gt;&gt; But yeah, I I have something that I have to figure out there." Like, this is real. I've said this a lot publicly, but like even just right now like I can feel in my like I weirdly want to lose. I really do. I like I'm very very comfortable being the underdog. I would tell you one of the challenges probably answer probably grounded a little bit in your answer to your question like you know this part of my career is like different in that like I liked it when no one knew and no one understood and I was underestimated like now it's like when I'm like I'm Vinner hot dogs everyone's like oh it's going to he's going to sell a lot of hot dogs I'm like no no no I need you to think I'm not going to sell any hot dog you know like I need that I like that yeah good to see you well &gt;&gt; I'm doing great doing great. &gt;&gt; Tell me about your stand journey. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, so um I started on stand. It's not really because I really wanted to.

It's almost it really became like a this weird necessity because I was just creating content. Something that you said I got to give you a flower, sir. Um you said give people value and don't ask for anything. Do it for three years and then individuals will come to you. They will gladly give you your money. &gt;&gt; 100%. &gt;&gt; I didn't do it for three years. I could wait a long time because my DMs was just full of people just like take my money, take my money.

And I was like, &gt;&gt; and what kind of content were you making? &gt;&gt; Um, I was just making &gt;&gt; stuff about real estate, uh, acquisitions of businesses, how to, uh, just anything, entrepreneurial stuff. &gt;&gt; And I did that for a while and &gt;&gt; and just people just kept DMing me, hey, I will pay you. I will pay. As soon as you say, I'll pay you. I said, well, how much? You know, I really wasn't that good at, you know, like giving people value. But I said, "Let me I'll do free consultations, right?" Which I can I set up and stand, you know, free consultations, you know, build an email list, that type of stuff.

I did that and my email, you know, my calendar filled up and, you know, 20 minutes. I was like, "Wow, 50 bucks. &gt;&gt; 20 minutes, $100." &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You know, a day $200. &gt;&gt; You got Did you guys all remember the calls where I was like, "Whatever you think it is, double." &gt;&gt; Was that a good learning? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. &gt;&gt; But you know something &gt;&gt; to something that you said is that people you know at first I didn't really value my time because I didn't know what I was worth.

&gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; And I didn't want to like oh man people not going to pay $100 to talk to me for &gt;&gt; correct. &gt;&gt; It seems it doesn't seem natural to all of us. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; When I when I started speaking it was crazy. Like I just didn't even know that existed. I was like I was 31 years old. I was like really?

I was like, "This is crazy talking now. I can really I'm in." Go ahead. &gt;&gt; But yeah, so uh yeah, so I just did that for years. I mean, just I know I just started building up. But I my bread and butter I own a real estate company. I own a tax own multiple companies. &gt;&gt; Where do you live? &gt;&gt; I live in Florida, but I commute from Florida to Orlando to Tampa and I have houses in Atlanta, too.

So nice. &gt;&gt; I'm everywhere. So good. &gt;&gt; Um but &gt;&gt; how much did you make in the challenge? Uh, not to brag, but I did pretty good. I have like five stand stores, though. So, if we put them all together, I really won. But, &gt;&gt; but I think I came in second by like a couple grand or something like that.

I'm not sure the the money relevant. It's just it just was &gt;&gt; it almost was a side hustle. And I want everybody to kind of take this away from it. whoever's listening, regardless of where you are in your journey. &gt;&gt; I started as just because people asked for it or you don't know what people want until you present that information out there and &gt;&gt; people just kept asking asking asking. I just raise a race. &gt;&gt; It's the it's the it's one of the bigger things I think I brought to this to the game a decade ago. People just thought you should like people were told that they should ask for money right up front and I was like no.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. Jab, jab, jab, right hook really changed a lot of things for a lot of people. Wrote that book 12 years ago. It was just give value. Everybody you love the most and admire the most is giving you value. Whatever it is, super handsome, like you know, good advice, whatever, whatever someone that you love the most is giving you, they're giving you value. And the more they give you, the more you like them, the more you're connected to them. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

But, you know, I just, you know, I'm trying to think of a question to ask, but &gt;&gt; you know all the answers, right? &gt;&gt; I don't know everything, but we're similar. We're almost the same person. When I listen to you talk, it's almost like someone's &gt;&gt; like like my brain hopped out and said the same thing that you're saying. I'm just like, &gt;&gt; well, you sound very smart. &gt;&gt; Do you Is there anything random? &gt;&gt; Uh, no. Well, I want to give you something.

&gt;&gt; Well, this too. This how long I've been a fan. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; I want you. &gt;&gt; Can I sign up for you? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; You got it. You got it.

This was a good one. &gt;&gt; You was in there in 2017. That's the first time I came across your team. &gt;&gt; Is this Is this what made you aware of me? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I love it. &gt;&gt; But then, you know, you did do a post about the uh give value and that and it just stuck in my head and I was like, give and double down and I just doubled down and make good money from it. I also want to give you I want to give you a gift, too.

5 seconds. 5 seconds. You got it. I'm going to keep it short. You can show no worries. Are you a Jets fan? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. This is already good.

This is already good. Thank you, man. &gt;&gt; All right, keep going. You got to go. You got to go. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm going in. I'm going in. Signed football.

&gt;&gt; All right. You see if you can identify any of the names. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. This the 69. This guy's on the 69 Jets. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Very nice. Oh, this is the 69 Jets.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Joe, that's incredible. &gt;&gt; That's all the people that signed it. &gt;&gt; That's not authenticated, but you know, &gt;&gt; maybe I wrote some names on there, too. You know, &gt;&gt; so you don't know this. This is a really really important thing for me. I think you're a lot of you gonna find this is a replica. I I very much believe in vintage toys as a collectible and there's a company called MIGO which is this and this is a replica of it.

This was a very big action figure guys. Joe Nameoth was like the most famous person in America. He like Joe Nameoth is one of the reasons one of the significant reasons that American football is popular. He was the biggest heartthrob literally in America 19. He was literally the biggest heart throb to all the girls and like he won a when the Jets won their Super Bowl they were they Sports Illustrated which was the most important magazine at the time predicted they were going to lose 41 to nothing. They were 17point underdogs and they won and it's the greatest day of my life. Unfortunately I was -6. &gt;&gt; Hold on.

One more thing. There's one more thing. It's at the bottom. It's at the bottom. So there's a little story behind this too. This is another replica. But &gt;&gt; the ring. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the ring.

&gt;&gt; The ring. &gt;&gt; But it's gonna bring you luck. You only can wear it on the games you want them to win. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; But you only use it once a year. &gt;&gt; I'm going to wear Oh, only once a year. &gt;&gt; I need it 16. I need it 17 times a year.

&gt;&gt; YOU NEED IT 20 TIMES. &gt;&gt; Thank you, my friend. Thank you. Let's clap it up for him. That's awesome. &gt;&gt; Do you have an opinion about why you think, and no offense to anybody, but why you think women dominated this contest? on this too. I would love to hear &gt;&gt; that's so funny.

Obviously when I walked in I saw like you know &gt;&gt; the first thing I noticed when I saw that &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know what's funny you may know cuz you know me pretty well like I'm just going to say it like man god I got so lucky like my mom was my hero my whole life. It it never even I really genuinely nobody cannot see gender, race, religion. Like I don't believe in that's how humans work, but [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man. &gt;&gt; Like I I take note, &gt;&gt; but it does to me that's like not surprising. Not like not like I'm I'm it didn't make me feel like overly curious. It didn't make me think like &gt;&gt; anybody else notice it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I I will say that I think currently in the landscape, women that do things for women are dominating. &gt;&gt; Women that do things for women are crushing right now, which I think is wonderful. Like obviously men that do things for men or men that do things for women or women that do things for men all have their but there is currently when you look at Substack when you look at Stan when you look at &gt;&gt; you know like the girls girl thing that you know women trust women in a in a way that is unique to the gender that's a little bit of a different version of men but like no &gt;&gt; you mean that more women are buying. &gt;&gt; Well that's what I'm curious about because &gt;&gt; there is a there has to be more than it's just women. It has to be like there's &gt;&gt; I feel like we buy digital products all the time. &gt;&gt; I'll give you a broader. &gt;&gt; Go ahead.

Go ahead, John. &gt;&gt; What is social media but not just connection at scale &gt;&gt; and so if you were to generalize the genders, which gender is more emotionally intelligent, is more inclined to connect with other human beings. &gt;&gt; Um, it's women. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean my whole my my whole life my my whole life you know look I think there's so many sc like I used to say this a lot until women and men doctors and scientists and therapists like would just bombard my inbox and say there's no truth to this there I would used to say this my whole platform for a little while was like I'm just girly and I think that's a competitive advantage like real talk because I am so empathetic and compassionate sympathetic and I did like you know I grew up in a way where I'm like oh that's I did get that from my mom and I'm like oh it is even though by the way my grandma and sister don't have that at all so it's like you know like it wasn't like you it wasn't like like anything there's no 100% but yeah I mean I we definitely see data in like selling online that the woman thing is really working and again you you know even in podcasting if you look at like the giggly squad or you know Alex Cooper and things and there's some indications to that um &gt;&gt; so be you should take it seriously. That's that's is Stan like does it skew that way? &gt;&gt; 70% of our top 100 earners are women. &gt;&gt; There's something crazy is for me during this challenge.

I think I became myself the most. I put more men in my community and I signed my first male mentee. &gt;&gt; So I think that like it really is the messaging like I'm very the opposite of a girly pop. Like I'm very honest and I like my students make a joke. They're like you're like marry me because I think it's so real and the f word is my favorite word. But I literally tell them like you can't do this. They appreciate it which is most women typically with like a softer approach I guess. But that's also not true cuz &gt;&gt; it's not 15 women in my program.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; One boy but still. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's you know again I mean like I don't know like I &gt;&gt; I I by the way I think stereotypes come from a place of truth. Let's start with that. &gt;&gt; Yet I give no weight to stereotypes. I'm just not interested enough in the gen pop of it all. I'm just interested in you and you and like so I don't know.

Like I I think way too many people lead gender, race, uh income level, uh where they're born, country. Now we're now societyy's trying to get us to bucket ourselves into generations like boomers and Gen Zers. I mean, I got it. I understand. I I just don't think it's that real when it comes down to the I think I'm so practical and operational. I'm like, sure, all blah, like here's the gen here's the uh stereotype, but Ricky is a 23-year-old Gen Zer who wants to work 19 hours a day. So, where's his lazy? and here's a boomer that is wildly lazy.

Like what's the you know what I mean? And like to me that's what shows up in my dayto-day. So I struggle I really do think most people lead with what they see and I I um I think it's a mistake. I think it's a strategic mistake. I think it's an emotional mistake. But I always take to your point right like I always take &gt;&gt; not perspective. If you're seeing more women, then you're saying, "Oh, we're doing something like if it's bringing money in, then it's like, oh, do we double down on that kind of messaging?" If there's can we find that there's messaging that's resonating? &gt;&gt; I I I mean, I think I look I think um there's a lot to it.

I you know, obviously I think a lot of you know this. I'm obsessed with live shopping. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Right. And you know, I've studied what I'm very good at is when I get into something I really go there. So, like I'm like studying the origins of QVC, you know what I mean? Like why and how and like you know, as you can imagine, those businesses predominantly sold during the day skew wildly women, right? And you know, you know, you look at department store behavior like like car salesman skewed more men, department store on commission women, like there's genres.

I think it's just a good era right now that whatever the the you know stereotype or the norms cuz boys and girls are different um are happening are very conducive. Yeah, exactly. It's awesome. It is and but it's a it's a really I I think there is back to your 70 and 30 back to what I'm seeing in live shopping. Yeah, I think it's a nice Sierra if you're a lady that wants to sell you might have a higher percentage of upside. I believe that to be true. I got yeah most of my mails came from Tik Tok Live when I was selling on Tik Tok Live and I was like what you're doing is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid. Like stop doing it and they're like oh we love this girl and it was they were guys and they came join my community.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Tik Tok Live is an uncomfortably big opportunity and I love it because it pushes what I push on everyone to the limit because it's nasty in those comments because it's all people that don't know you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. They're calling you keyword warrior. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? And like it gets dirty and they're fat. I mean, I would say every 50th every I mean, I get a billion comments when I go on.

Like, almost every other comments like Gary Vee's falloff needs to be studied. Like, all right. Like, cuz they think that me being live is like bad or like I don't know, like not below me or like like you know, it's like it's nasty in there. &gt;&gt; And it is the most worth it. &gt;&gt; Just going to struggle for now. &gt;&gt; Why you say that? There's no platform on earth right now that you can have more people discover you that don't know who you are than Tik Tok Live because they just pound it in the &gt;&gt; FP. &gt;&gt; I'm doing something to show my community at every time.

Anybody watching my my Tik Tok lives, have you seen how many &gt;&gt; $2,000 worth of cards from your Tik Tok? &gt;&gt; Like you've seen what I'm doing on there, right? Every time I'm literally to show every because I'm always watch what I do, not what I say. I want you to replicate me because I know what I'm doing is right and it'll be good for you. I in there every like 40 minutes. I'm like, "Hey, real quick. How many people here on this two of the thousand of you on right now? How many of you have never seen me before have no idea who I am?" I'm not talking about like you saw me once or you were into me for 2 minutes in 17.

I'm talking right this second you're like, "Who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is this? I've never seen this person." And then literally like a hundred people say me. The other 900 people are like, "What the fuck?" And I'm like, "Yes." I'm like, "Millions know me, billions don't." Yeah, &gt;&gt; this right and this is the platform of discovery and it's going to go away like everything that goes away in day trading attention. I think John should do it two hours a day. He's running a very big business and it's he's got a lot on his plate. I think he should do it two hours a day. I'm trying to do it two hours a I'm trying to do it two hours a day. I'm not I had a bad week cuz I know how it is but like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man.

All of you should be on it all the time. I was like struggling with leads and so I went on lives and I was I sold over a hundred courses and then I added them all to my community for one month for free so that I could just funnel them into my mentorship because they're going to get access to me for four weeks for free calls and I had so many guys join because they were like oh I've never joined a community &gt;&gt; right because because your Instagram is now most of your other like even your TikTok itself they're kind of formulated to who you are &gt;&gt; like this just super random the FYP right now. &gt;&gt; Were you pitching in your life? &gt;&gt; No, I just So, I get a whiteboard and then I yell at them and I tell them that everything they're doing is wrong and then they should do this instead. &gt;&gt; You You never pitch, right? &gt;&gt; At the end, I'll say um &gt;&gt; That's a mistake. Helpful. &gt;&gt; That's a mistake for you &gt;&gt; at the at the end.

&gt;&gt; Yes, I'm I'm trying to help you right now. &gt;&gt; I've tried both ways. I've made more sales to make it up at the end. &gt;&gt; You should do it at the end, but you do understand how many people you're losing along the way. So for like &gt;&gt; So are you whiteboarding? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

&gt;&gt; You have to write on their link in bio. &gt;&gt; So I have like a text bubble like on the actual screen that tells them where to go. &gt;&gt; Oh, good. Then you're fine. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Got it. &gt;&gt; Of course the hard push. I got it.

Cuz they went the deepest. I just wanted to make sure you had the thing you have. You're good. &gt;&gt; Then I put your back. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. That's cool. &gt;&gt; Sense of urgency. &gt;&gt; Gamification.

Sense of urgency. Human psychology. &gt;&gt; All right. So, go ahead. &gt;&gt; So, question. So, oh, I did a countdown challenge to leading up to this day because I thought I I mean, I've been struggling for years. How do I actually scale what I do? Because I see patients one-on-one.

I'd really love to see one to many. I've tried a lot of different things. As a countdown challenge, I launched a membership, enrolled 18 people in the last seven days. &gt;&gt; It's amazing. &gt;&gt; Made $8,000. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Um, so now I'm I think that's proof of concept, but now I'm thinking sustainability and I'm thinking future. I'm thinking AI.

I'm thinking like what could this grow into? And I just kind of wanted to like open that up for a bit. &gt;&gt; I think you I think you quadrupled down on how the 8,000 happened &gt;&gt; before you worry about all the other tools. More content, more live streams, more content, more going live, building more connection, and then putting out a piece of content to see like there's a lot of steps to get to, but like that's very good and is has real potential. Mhm. &gt;&gt; And I think all you back to like just working out like just you don't need to do anything fancy. We haven't maximized what the basic push-up is doing for you. Got it?

You're in a basic push-up. We don't need any peptides. We don't need any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] iron man. Like we're just starting to see a li It happened to me. I had no muscles in my life. And like one day I was like, "Wait a minute. There's something here." You know, like and like like I didn't need to do anything crazy like more better a little bit more. And so I think you're in a very that place cuz that 8,000 for you based on everything I just heard is 4 seconds away from 80,000 if you just stay disciplined for 100 days.

&gt;&gt; Maybe pull back on some of my patient care hours and go go deeper into the community aspect. &gt;&gt; Maybe I also don't know what is happening in every other hour that you're doing in your life. &gt;&gt; So if you're watching four hours of Bridgeten at night like I'd like one back for more of this. But if you are actually with in your life like the work you put in like that's the maximas then yes from there but like it depends on when you're this is very important your hunger your ambition where you are at this moment in life the first place I always want to pull from is not another place of resource of value and and and revenue it's from tell me every other hour &gt;&gt; gotcha &gt;&gt; right like for example I really I mean I sometimes sleep six and sometimes four if I have to take a red eye or something like that but I like if I can control it. I'm seven and I'm so that I don't want to touch, but that means the other 17 I need to know. I'm a dad. I have a wife, you know, I have like life, but like I want before I get into another hour where you're making money or doing something, &gt;&gt; I just want to know all the other hours. &gt;&gt; If those are not What's that?

&gt;&gt; Where would you put them? One hour a day. &gt;&gt; Where first? &gt;&gt; Tik Tok live. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm you. I'm I'm telling you. I'm telling you it's scary.

I'm what do you want from me? I've been very good at this for a long time. It's very real. And again, using chat GBT of like how do I get more viral cuz cuz I'm I'm getting a thousand to 2,000 but there's a lot of tactics getting them to share double tap the screen. The algo is very advanced at bite dance. You you mentioned st I mentioned stand a couple times. It goes down because it doesn't want us to take off PL. Its AI is sick.

Like I've had a thousand. And I'm like, "Go to bffreds.com." And I look up for a second and I'm down to 600. They like suppress your reach. They can like it's the crazy. You're like battling the algorithm of like how So I'm like, "Oh, TIK TOK'S THE BEST." LIKE YOU KNOW, YOU'RE JUST YOU'RE just like playing things. Um but uh I would do that. I would get into your DMs. How many comments do you get on a social how many social media posts do you post a day?

&gt;&gt; One a day. &gt;&gt; How many comments do you get? &gt;&gt; Not a lot. Maybe five DMs. Two. &gt;&gt; Uh two or three. &gt;&gt; All of them need a reply. And you need to make a second piece of content.

&gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And you need to go live for 30 minutes. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And all of that will lead to 80,000, not eight. &gt;&gt; Fair. &gt;&gt; All of it. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Awesome.

Thank you. &gt;&gt; You're welcome. &gt;&gt; And you know what the best part is? And now you know it. &gt;&gt; Again, it's back to you when you jumped in in week six. And now you know it. &gt;&gt; Like the key the key is to get first people to like get there, right? Like that hump.

I mean, having a dad like that, having your whole life &gt;&gt; again, just because I just lived it, I know what happened in those five hours prior to the sixth one. &gt;&gt; I There was a lot of good stuff that could have gotten you there, &gt;&gt; you know, like, but once you taste it and you know it to be true, then you're cooking. &gt;&gt; How's it going, man? &gt;&gt; Good to see you. &gt;&gt; My biggest question, cuz I know you're short on time, isn't going to be for me, it's going to be for everybody else, which is &gt;&gt; uh cuz I know it's a big bottleneck for people. If you were stripped away from everything, your brand, your name, your face, &gt;&gt; I got it. How would you start over? Like in in YouTube specifically just because that's like my world or maybe not if you want to go broader.

How would you start over right now if you had like 90 days to to get to &gt;&gt; I would make I would make as much social media content as possible of either something I was passionate about, something I knew, or something that I was willing to document me learning about. Period. End of story. Easy peasy. Black and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] white. Period. That &gt;&gt; documenting overcreating. &gt;&gt; Yeah.

in that scenario, you know, like just like I I this is insane that this exists. &gt;&gt; You couldn't afford baby food. You made $90,000. &gt;&gt; I don't know what to tell you. &gt;&gt; Like you're and you're not you're not special. That's what I'm trying to tell everyone. This is now real. I wrote this book.

It came out in 2009. It's called Crush It. It's profoundly maybe the best thing I'll ever do in my career. I myself don't respect what I did. It was all there. Go read it. The internet's here. You can make money on YouTube and Twitter and Facebook.

Everyone laughed. They laughed at me in there. I say a hundred thousand. They laughed. Impossible. Snake oil. Now it's like scary how real this is. So it's content.

It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] content. Now, why I got addicted to Stan in a world where nine million things I'm like, "Oo, that's a nice thing to send the content to that has a lot of flexibility that I think is built in a way that the normals will understand." And here we [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are. I'm wearing a purple [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hat, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Awesome. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's it. It's the It's the content.

The key is back to the carrots analogy. What content are you better to? Most people got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up in the early days because they thought they had to be an expert and people postured and they bullshitted. I'm a business expert. I'm like that person is not a business expert. You know, like uh I was saying to John earlier, a woman right now is starting to make content on literally the day she felt the beginnings of menopause and it's going to crush. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; She's just documenting it like, you know, super easy.

Like since it's her life. I mean, I get why so many women would choose not to share that. That doesn't confuse me, by the way. I choose. You guys know me. I choose to share none of my personal life. Like, everyone gets to choose. But like, it's going to work because she just has to talk about what just happened today.

I think there's a lot of massive content creators yet to be done. I'm We have not yet seen someone fully I'm sure it's out there. everything at some points out there. But the person that has their husband walk out on them and their first post ever starts right then. The documentation of going through a separation. &gt;&gt; Do you know how many [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] people that would Now, let me do something a little more positive. Like literally the mom and the daughter that decide to document their daughter learning how to ride a bike. &gt;&gt; An incredible 3 to five weeks content.

Like the documentation opportunity if you're really willing. So, but like there's just like anybody can do anything. Like somebody's gonna break out for making content around getting a haircut once a week. I'm serious. You like that one, right? See? See? Some like he's Yeah.

Just like I don't know everything. All of it. &gt;&gt; When you say everything, all of it. Like I know right now the landscape's very interest media focused. How would you how would you document over create like you're saying but while keeping it like int media focused so that you could scale with go going not against the grain of the algorithms but &gt;&gt; the algorithm is not anything other than people's interest. The algorithm doesn't exist. &gt;&gt; It's audience. Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's audience.

Audience and algorithm are one interchangeable word. This is an important thing to understand. It's just are people interested? Most people cannot get the world interested in them by documenting their weekly trip to the barber, but everyone here knows some can &gt;&gt; cuz they are magic. &gt;&gt; I have a funny feeling I can do anything and it will work. &gt;&gt; And I think I I think that there I think most people have a version of what I think I have more options, but I think everyone has some options, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; What do you think that trade is? Because like I' I've this is something interesting.

I've read like a lot of autobiographies like Steve Jobs or Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos to try to figure out like the disruptors quote unquote. What is like the one thing they do different than most other people? &gt;&gt; Those guys are those guys are inventors though. Like we have to also talk about that. &gt;&gt; But like like Mark Zuckerberg for example, uh &gt;&gt; MySpace existed before Facebook, right? He just I feel like he had this similar thing to you where like he took something &gt;&gt; he's an all those guy. So Steve's not an operator. &gt;&gt; Steve's an inventor and a salesman.

Bezos is an operator. Mark Zuckerberg is an operator. You know, I'm not on that plane, but I'm an operator. Um, so, you know, Elon's a real inventor. Like Thomas Edison [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's like an inventor inventor. &gt;&gt; Um, and has operational capabilities, you know, like everyone's different. I mean, Steve put operators around him, but Steve also went out of business like cuz he's so much of a create, you know, everyone's different. Yeah.

&gt;&gt; Everyone's different. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Cheers.
