# UrjU_vNbquM

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrjU_vNbquM

---

The single greatest opportunity in the world for people to change the outcome of how they live or how their business is doing is called organic social media. Social media posts without spending media. This is the only weapon that can solve your problem when you have responsibility and you have to do a job or something to pay the bills. This is the only weapon that is practical that can change your life. Social media. Social media is free. I just need everybody to follow along with me right now. Social media is free.

It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] free. When I landed here and I saw a billboard of this expo, which is a good job marketing, I don't think they got it for free. You pay for a billboard. You pay for newspaper. You pay for direct mail. You pay for Google Adwords. You pay for television. You pay for PR.

Social media is free. You can run ads, but you can post something right now and 10,000 people could see it. I How many people here know who I am? Raise your hand. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Actually, how many people here, this won't hurt my feelings, so don't lie. How many people here don't know who I am? Okay, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you.

I'm kidding. &gt;&gt; I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Listen. Sorry. &gt;&gt; Listen, for 15 years, I have worked every day to make videos and pictures and written words on the seven to 10 platforms that have mattered to allow me to have the incredibly humbling feeling of having so many people here in Mexico City raise their hand and know who I am. That has allowed me to amass a lot of followers. And three years ago, if I had 10 million followers like I do today on Instagram or 15 million followers on Tik Tok like I do today and you had zero when I posted I got a lot of views and you got none.

That changed three years ago. I need everybody here to pay very close attention to what I'm talking about right now because it is the single most important part of my talk besides fear. Three years ago, the entire world changed. It changed because Tik Tok had become successful enough to start pressuring Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, and every other social media platform. I grew up in social media for the last 15 years and it was more similar to email marketing. How many people here by show of hands have done email marketing in their careers? Please raise your hands. Raise it.

Actually, stand up. I want to see it. Stand up if you've done email marketing in your career. Don't Don't be lazy. Get up. It's good for your blood. Let me just see. This is phenomenal.

First of all, that's super cool. I love email marketing. So, thank you. Thank you. You can sit down. So, for the half of you that just stood up in this room, you're going to understand what I'm about to say. For the first 15 years of social media, it was email marketing. get as many people to follow you and a percentage of those people would see your post every day.

Three years ago, social media became not social media anymore. Social media today should actually be called interest media. How many people here are on Tik Tok? Raise your hands. All of people that just raises their hand. First of all, how many people here are not on Tik Tok? Raise your hands. Not on Tik Tok.

I don't know what your points of view on it is. China tracking. I don't know what it is. But you could put that on the side, you know, like the kids on it. Let me just say one thing that I believe in more than anything when it comes to business. Business. Just business. Your opinions of like what makes you feel good to yourself are your vulnerability to what the consumer is actually doing.

So that's for all the people that raised their hand. Nonetheless, Tik Tok, everybody who raised their hand on Tik Tok and now it's happening on Instagram and Facebook and Twitter. So whatever platform you're on, you know what I'm about to say. You no longer have to follow people. The content you want comes to you. The fact that I'm standing here in this talk and I know that I'm saying very compelling stuff which I genuinely believe will inspire. Let me look some people up there. I know that 10 people in here are going to listen to me and do something.

The fact that one of those 10 people has never posted on social media and their third or fourth or fifth post next week is going to start the beginning of them changing their lives is single reason that I continue to do what I do. &gt;&gt; Period. It is so rewarding. Thank you. It is I I I wish this on all of you on the flight here. I caught up with my work and so it gave me time to read my direct messages and my emails that are not businessoriented. There's not a day in my life that I live that people do not email me and say thank you for the details that I'm sharing with you right now because one social media post one can actually change your life. That is insane to me.

I know when I say it out loud that people here that maybe are not as knowledgeable about what I'm talking about may not believe. What's that, brother? &gt;&gt; You're welcome. &gt;&gt; You need to listen to me on this. There is no logical reason that a person or a business, whether you're an accountant, whether you sell t-shirts, whether you own a restaurant, there is no logical reason for a human or a business to not be posting on this era of social media as much content as they possibly can produce every single day. I'm going to make a prediction right now so I can use this video. Hey, Dustin. I'm gonna make a prediction right now so I can use this video in 15 years.

So, I'm going to be selfish right now, but I want you to listen to what I'm about to say. All of you are going to regret when we go away from this and we go into glasses and social media will be different. All of you here will regret this one era in the last hundred years where the world's attention was on a platform that was free. All of you, some of you that have been following me for a long time regret not jumping on TikTok seven years ago when I was begging you to. &gt;&gt; I get it. And the ones that did felt the effects. My friends, this is a very special time in the world. It's also a dangerous time.

The rules are getting rewritten. You all know this because the television is no longer in charge. Do you understand? &gt;&gt; The television is not in charge. And this is a remarkably important fact. And so now let's talk about this part of the conversation. If this is true, what happens next? What happens next is self-awareness.

Okay, let's say you're listening to me and even if you are making content, you realize I'm making 50 pieces of content a day. I have 30 full-time employees that work just on my content. I'm pot committed. So, some of the people in here that are like, "Yeah, I'm doing it." You're not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doing it. So, if you think you're doing it, quadruple it. And if you're not doing it, start. Because for the people here that are like, "Yes, I want to be talking about health and wellness or gut health or travel or football, your football, not mine, or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you are passionate about. You can't quit your job and just start it.

But you can do what I'm talking about every evening. And one post can start your career for you to no longer be a lawyer when you want to be an influencer about football or wine or travel. That's real life. Our grandparents did not have this. We are the lucky generation. The problem is most of you are not fully taking advantage of it. So for me, there is no excuse. I understand responsibility.

I've had it my whole life. But I do not understand not changing your life if you're interested in being happier. Why not? And I cannot believe that we have this. And I cannot believe how many people continue not to use it. If you're B2B, LinkedIn is crazy. LinkedIn is crazy. The amount of opportunity on LinkedIn every day if you make a video is staggering.

If you're an employee and you don't love your job or your company, you're one LinkedIn post talking about the industry you're in away from somebody recruiting you to a competitor and you making 10 or 20% higher than you made yesterday. The single greatest opportunity in the world for people to change the outcome of how they live or how their business is doing is called organic social media. Social media posts without spending media. I do not understand. I continue to fly around the world begging people to hear me. It's free. It's free. And the fact the first 10 years I understood it took time to build up to a level and most of you do not have patience.

I understood. But that's not even what it is anymore. There are people literally in here who've never posted on social and are going to post on Tik Tok and the sixth video is going to get more views than I get and I've been doing it every day for almost 20 years. There is a level of merit to the individual piece of content that we have never seen. That level of merit is the great opportunity of your life. I really have nothing else to say. &gt;&gt; I really don't. I will I will and we'll do the Q&amp;A, but I don't have anything else to say.

You should spend the rest of your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You should actually all leave right now. like leave empty place and should go home and start using AI chat GPT or Google to teach yourself the next part which is how to be good at it right I'm telling you what it is but that doesn't mean you're going to be good at it I'm telling you what it is but a lot of you have already tried and it hasn't clicked because you haven't brought enough value to your audience my friends this is a staggering reality. And I'll be honest with you, for the ones in here who've seen me speak before or have consumed my content, the level of urgency that I'm speaking on this stage on is grounded in reason. It's called I don't think it's going to be here in 10 years. Not this way. I really do believe that glasses are coming and I think when the phone goes away, there'll be a reset. And in that reset will be a lot of lost opportunity. And I really, really, really want you all to grab it because you will regret it.

You'll regret it the same way all of you regretted not buying Bitcoin four years ago. &gt;&gt; I love you, buddy. &gt;&gt; I love you back, brother. [applause] [cheering] &gt;&gt; Self-awareness. Some of you are shy on camera. Good news. You do not need to be on camera for this to work for you. I need everybody to hear this.

You do not need to be on camera for this to work. There are many people who are winning in social media just by writing. Only writing. Nobody knows who they look like. They don't even use their real name. You do not need to be on camera. Number two, you're like me, not a good writer, but you're unlike me. You're scared of the camera.

There's a third option. It's called voice. You can do an entire channel where you're point I could make content by pointing at you and talking about it and you never see me. There are three ways to win on social media. Written, audio, or video. You must figure yourself out and be okay with what you're comfortable with. It's okay to not love video. It's okay to not be a good writer.

It's not okay to lie to yourself. &gt;&gt; Understood? &gt;&gt; Yeah.
