# X4tgfKUPVrI

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4tgfKUPVrI

---

In 36 months, 48 months, you're not going to believe a single video on the internet. You're just not. You think you know because you see bad AI and you're like, "Oh, that's a fake girl." But all of you have already consumed a human that is AI that you didn't realize was AI already. The technology is moving by the nano minute, let alone day, which is going to lead to more videos of me saying terrible things or silly things than our videos of me as one of the most prolific content creators of the last 20 years. Literally, within a half decade, there'll be more content of me on the internet that's not me than there is me. We will all know that something important [music] saying something that makes people act, it's going to happen and causes hoopla or issues. I worry about that because I really do think that video proof has been the judge and jury of our entire human society for the last 100 years. The motion picture video is a new invention.

Let me just promise you one thing. You need to have way more optimism on the number one underrated brand in [music] the world, which is the human race. I believe in the optimism of all this, but yes, I think deep fake videos at scale are coming. It's going to cause a decade of confusion, and I think we as humans will invent the counter move, the cat and the mice game. I'm just mentally preparing for it. &gt;&gt; 11 plus million followers on Instagram, 6 million, correct me if my numbers are wrong, million on LinkedIn, the the list goes on and on and on. Going to talk a little bit about how these companies can grow their business with social media. So, can I get by a show of hands, how many people are using social media to grow their business?

How many of you that got your hands up right now say you're good at it? &gt;&gt; So, there's a couple. So, let's dive into what platforms what &gt;&gt; if you're just getting out of &gt;&gt; all of them. I mean, what the hell are we doing here? &gt;&gt; So, wait, let me get this straight. You want to build a business to make money to enhance your life and your family and [clears throat] you're not willing to go on more than one or two platforms cuz it's so hard. &gt;&gt; Get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here. [laughter] Look who we're talking to.

&gt;&gt; The answer's all of them. &gt;&gt; Gary, I'm I'm guilty of this. So, I'm up there. I'm a little nervous right now. &gt;&gt; Don't be nervous. Don't be nervous. &gt;&gt; YOU GOT THIS. LET'S COUGH IT up there.

[applause] &gt;&gt; It's not It's because I don't use it and I found &gt;&gt; Listen, I'm going to I apologize for interrupting friends. You don't need to use it. There are many businesses that have done well without it. It is not required. It is just ludicrously easy in the scheme of the many things one can do in business that has the biggest upside if you understand it. But you don't have to use it. Like there's no absolutism in anything in life. You don't have to be good at social media to build a business, but it's there.

You definitely should not be using your political or subjective opinion of the medium as the reason you don't do it or more importantly as the reason why you don't want to put in the work to do it. It's unacceptable to say you're going to build an empire and not use this when it is the foundation and the pipes of modern communication in our society. But you're allowed to just be okay at entrepreneurship. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; So I was nervous in that sense. Jason and I were in an Iowa event earlier this year. We were talking. He said he was trying to get you to come to this. I said, "No way." Eyes lit up.

He goes, "Do you want to be on stage with him?" I said, "Hell yes." [laughter] &gt;&gt; Came back at the office. He's like, "You got to post something before you go out there." [laughter] &gt;&gt; So they posted something on my behalf. You know, it's just so that's why I about that. So talking more about the platforms I &gt;&gt; they posted as you [laughter] &gt;&gt; I know I said &gt;&gt; I'd rather you not post than it not be authentic. [applause] &gt;&gt; All right. I sat down with Danny and we went through it all. But &gt;&gt; Yep. Fair enough.

&gt;&gt; You didn't press the button. &gt;&gt; I didn't press &gt;&gt; but it was yours. Okay. Fair enough. &gt;&gt; So hoping to get one at the end of this too but &gt;&gt; I got you. I got you. &gt;&gt; So, there's so many platforms out there. You got LinkedIn, Instagram, Facebook, Tik Tok.

&gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; The list goes on and on. &gt;&gt; YouTube Shorts, &gt;&gt; Snapchat, Spotlight, Yep. Pin Pinterest, depending on your business. So, go ahead. &gt;&gt; Is there some more for B2B than others? And what would those be? &gt;&gt; LinkedIn is by far the play for B2B.

LinkedIn is insanity. &gt;&gt; LinkedIn is acting like Facebook did in 2015. There's more attention than there is content which is just supply and demand of attention. It's why I named the book day trading attention because now it requires to understand what I know daily not like oh six months ago I was kid six months ago was like 47,000 years on these algorithms ago but LinkedIn is by far the B2B play. There is some activity and action that you can get out of X Twitter on B2B. Those two really stand out. But LinkedIn is an incredibly fruitful if you have a SAS business in here, you need to be posting on LinkedIn daily organically. And then, God willing, for some reason, that piece of content gets a lot of views organically.

Then you amplify it with paid. The days of spending paid media dollars on guessing on your content are over. That was Facebook 2015. ABCD testing what does best, CAC, LTB. We're in the era now of only spending media on pieces of creative that did well organically because the AI algorithms in the platforms will show you if there's interest from people in the content. &gt;&gt; These 12 businesses that are just getting into it. Yes. Just testing this.

&gt;&gt; I went on had I had a LinkedIn account. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; But I went in there to do a professional one. There's so many different options in there. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; What do you do? I mean, it's there's so many I I was confused. &gt;&gt; Well, you you do the work, you know.

I don't know if you heard about this, but there's this thing called AI, right? &gt;&gt; Well, buddy, I can show you my threads. &gt;&gt; So, great. So, you literally go in I'll do it for you right now. You will never have a problem again. You will never say I don't know how to do ever again. There's literally we are literally living in a world where the concept of but I don't know how has been eliminated as an issue. I'm literally going to chat GPT right now.

Hey Chatty, uh, I'm a B2B SAS business and I want to figure out how to market on LinkedIn my SAS product. What kind of content should I do? What kind of content should I produce? What kind of account should I do? And if I want to do working media dollars, what's a good resource for LinkedIn ad spend? That's it. You know, we live in that world now. That's it.

Like it's, you know, I'm talking over it right now, so it may or may not catch what I do, but I usually do my invoice. Literally, every excuse you have of not knowing how to do something, well, Gary, I don't know how to use TikTok or I don't know how to make content or I don't know how to run ads on Facebook, it's over, suckers, it's over. [clears throat] Your bullshit's over. It's right here. This will answer properly, by the way, or at least within striking distance. So, you know, that's that's it, buddy. That excuse is finished. &gt;&gt; I did.

Sorry. Chatty. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I call chat GBD chatty. We keep it tight. Keep it going. [laughter] I got cozy with my chat. &gt;&gt; Mine is Zara. &gt;&gt; Fair enough.

&gt;&gt; I asked her what her name was. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I get it. Be careful because you might get romantic. &gt;&gt; By the way, that's my big prediction for the room today. Many people in this room's grandchildren will marry an AI robot in your life. &gt;&gt; I know. I know. I've heard you say that multiple times.

&gt;&gt; I believe it more than anything. You know why? Cuz I don't predict. This is already happening in Japan right now. It will get here. &gt;&gt; Your grandchild is going to marry robot and it's going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you. [laughter] I mean, you know how some people like really want you to marry within the religion? This is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] robot, dude.

[laughter] People are going to wish they married outside their religion. This is going to get you. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't either. And and that's evolution. I know I know you may think it's crazy, but like it's incredible what's going on. The time and era, but I always remind people, do you think like the world just stops when you're alive? Literally, not too long ago, electricity was completely demonized by people.

People were scared to bring electricity into their home. You should really, really look into the history of electricity. I truly believe if you did an hour of research on the history of electricity that it will calm you and help you understand what's about to happen in this next couple of years on how people view AI. Humans are scared of new things. It's how we're built, which is why the people that aren't scared win. Fear is the weapon. &gt;&gt; Talking about AI, you've been talking recently in the next 18 to 24 months. &gt;&gt; Yes.

We're not going to know if it's actually Gary D up there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Deep fakes &gt;&gt; or somebody else. &gt;&gt; Yeah. This is this this in a world where I really don't fear. This is going to be an interesting little bubble. Every person in this room, bless you, brother. Every person in this room is not going to believe a single video they watch on the internet in about 36 months.

We you know I again I was a terrible student but I was really good at history and I never really understood in hindsight I just now I believe I subconsciously understood it would be valuable for me for my goals in business. I use history to predict the future a lot or at least understand the current. That'd be more accurate. In 36 months, 48 months, you're not going to believe a single video on the internet. You're just not. Like, I'm sure you're seeing the videos you're already seeing and like, you know, I mean, I mean, it's it's you you think you know because you see bad AI and you're like, "Oh, that's a fake girl." you know, you know, but you've already, all of you have already, if you're active on social and going through the feed, all of you have already consumed a human that is AI that you didn't realize was AI already. And in 24 months, the techn is moving by the nano minute, let alone day. Which is going to lead to more videos of me saying terrible things or silly things than than our videos of me as one of the most prolific content creators of the last 20 years.

Literally, within a half decade, there'll be more content of me on the internet that's not me than there is me. We will all know that. We will stop believing all of it. there'll be some significant event in the next 12 or 24 months that really hits the culture and causes hoopla or issues like you know a mayor or governor or something important saying something that makes people act it's going to happen and I worry about that because I really do think that video proof has been the judge and jury of our entire human society for the last hundred years and to remind you that didn't that's kind of new the motion picture. This is why I keep trying to get people to understand their history. The motion picture video is a new invention and you know I think a lot of us here think about what's happened in the political sphere the last decade of where like what when what's the value of truth and like interpretation and I'm sure many of us have thought about those things. We're really going to a very extreme place soon. Now I'm optimistic.

In fact, I believe the blockchain, where Bitcoin and Ethereum and NFTts sit, actually has an incredible opportunity to be our counter move to this. For example, I'm already minting my videos from me on the blockchain and to prove that I made it because I minted it. So, [clears throat] proof of providence, as they say, if you got nerdy on the blockchain. So, don't listen, let me just promise you one thing. You need to have way more optimism on the number one underrated brand in the world, which is the human race. I don't know if you know this, but we've had an atomic bomb running around now in multiple countries for a half a century. And here we are. And I promise you in 1952 if we were having this talk and we America had just dropped a bomb less than a decade ago and I said in the future 13 to 15 countries will have the atomic bomb but get this in the next 70 years no one's going to use it.

That would have been hard to believe then I believe in the optimism of all this but yes I think deep fake videos at scale are coming. It's going to cause a decade of confusion and I think we as humans will invent the counter move, the cat and the mice game, the cops and the robbers game. And yeah, I'm just mentally preparing for it. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; How does that blockchain work to tell if it's true or not? Because that is &gt;&gt; the blockchain's incredible. The blockchain is decentralized servers that no one owns. If if if Meta is upset, I mean, I'm sure this is not lost on anybody. If Meta's upset with you, they can stop you.

You're blocked. You're out. It's over. Right? We've all lived through the last decade. Above and beyond that, if the US government tells Meta to be mad at you, they can do something about it. the blockchain, not Meta, not Google, not Apple, not Microsoft, not Tensen, not Alibaba, and not Russia, not China, not America, not Brazil. No one can do anything about it.

It's decentralized and owned by no one. And it is a ledger of proof. It is a big deal. And right now, everyone's caught up in the crypto scams and the Bitcoin and the money of it all. And they're missing the plot. The plot is we have invented already a ledger of proof that is human to human and nobody can manipulate it. That is profound. Do you know that we print the US dollar at will against no thesis or grounded in anything?

&gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Do you know that other things have had value in the past? Like other things have been considered money? Humans walked this beautiful land right here around gold and didn't even look at it. Things change. And so the the reason Bitcoin will be interesting is there's only a limited amount. Enough people already have decided it's money. We're already at the tipping point and there will never be more and no one can do anything about it. That's interesting to me and I think that will form further than just currency.

I think it will be the layer of content because of the technology day that we now live in. So stuff to think about. A lot of a lot of nerdy stuff to think about. &gt;&gt; It's super exciting. &gt;&gt; I think so. I listen I think change is epic. Otherwise, it'd be boring. [clears throat] And if there was no change, we'd all be outside right now with a club hitting each other over the head with like leopard clothes on.

Like, which does sound fun. I agree with you. I'm kind of into it, too, bro. By the way, some people are trying to bring that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] back, you know. But I just think that um I I just think especially for everyone in this room, if you're truly an entrepreneur, if you're actually let's go back to the let's get a little lower level than where I've been floating. If you're in it for this, the only thing you need to be ready for is change. There is nothing else. Entrepreneurship is basically losing all the time with an occasional win.

[laughter] And I like that. &gt;&gt; Sounds great. [laughter] It it it it it's it's being alive. &gt;&gt; I'd rather die on my own sword than someone else's. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. So, you bring up change. Let's talk about the change of influencers. So, influencers, we had celebrities.

&gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Micro influencers. Now, we're going to go to AI influencers. &gt;&gt; That's right. Uh, so that's going to take it. If you don't want to step in front of the camera and take a picture of yourself and plug it in and tell it what to say and &gt;&gt; Sora 2, all of you should download it. &gt;&gt; Good job. The dude was like, I just did.

I was like, good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Good. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; And so things are going to change. What do you see after AI influencers? What's &gt;&gt; Well, first we have to get to AI influencers. And listen, fame has changed all the time. Do you understand if you were a pilot in 1952, you were famous. Now you're getting like yelled at by someone cuz the flight's delayed by 6 minutes.

Like astronauts, right? And as a matter of fact, athletes were really not that famous. You go back to the 50s and like literally New York Yankees were like winning World Series and then in the offseason working like in a hardware store in Hoboken. Like fame moves, right? you know, starting with the real world and then Survivor, like we got into this era of, you know, the reality celebrity about 25 years ago. We all know that because we lived that extended into what we're living with now. Andy Warhol had this whole concept of 15 minutes of fame. I remember in 2007 on a stage I said I took a twist on it was like got a lot of juice at the time in Silicon Valley.

I said, "We're going to go from 15 minutes of fame to everyone's going to be famous to 15 people." And I think we've really gotten there. I think I nailed that one, you know, and that's where we're at. And so, like, now every I mean, I don't know, you guys all know it, like every single 15 to 18 year old on Earth's goal in life is to be an influencer. Like, that's their career of choice. And really, what that means is to be an entrepreneur. Means that I want to live on my own two feet and get brands or the platforms or find some sell some t-shirts or I just want to I want to make money by being me. And by the way, people have made money by being them. You know, it's not how we all grew up, but like Eddie Murphy was a comedian and he made money by being him.

We just now all have that opportunity. We judge that because we're like, they don't have talent. Guys, your opinions on someone who has 5 million followers. If you're like, they're not pretty, they're not funny, you're an idiot. You're an idiot. Of course they are. They have 5 million people who decided that they like them. and you think your opinion is more valid than 5 million other people's opinions.

The audacity, the lack of humility, the lack of deep understanding of how the world works. So, I think influencer will continue to evolve. But I also think it's mass democracy. And now all these influencers, every time I make a video on social that the AI influencers are about to do to the influencers, what influencers did to celebrities in Hollywood, they get mad. I'm like, how could you be mad? You're a hypocrite. Your brand deal came out of Cindy Crawford's pocket or Carl Malone's pocket, right? That used to go to celebrities.

So now you're mad that somebody's going to build characters. They're like, "But they're not real." I'm like, "Mickey Mouse is not real." [laughter] &gt;&gt; So that's what I think, my friend. I [clears throat] love &gt;&gt; And by the way, I apologize just to I'm trying to give some people some ideas for businesses. You might be creative. Look at the great Vince McMahon. &gt;&gt; Vince McMahon literally built Disney. One of the great IP companies in the world, intellectual property cop in the world is the WWE. They own Hillbilly Jim.

They own Brutus the Barber Beefcake and the Ultimate Warrior and Big John Stud. They made characters, but they made it out of a human. wild concept. Everything else was Bugs Bunny and Mickey Mouse and Betty Boop and Transformers. He did it out of humans, but it's the same business. Now you can literally create with these new tools a world literally your Harry Potter, your Bugs Bunny, your Paw Patrol, and you can literally create these. If you're that per Some of you have even suppressed your creative talent. You don't want You may not even think that's cool.

You may not realize how some of you may not realize how creative you are. This is going to be a nirvana for people that are creative or closet creatives. Haven't even thought about that part of your life. But then you think back and you're like, "But wait a minute. I used to make up stories for my kids when they were 2, three, four years old. I didn't when I ran out of books, I just made them up. I did that for my brother. I just made up the story." He was 11 years younger.

So now that I'm doing my V friends thing and creating that world, I'm like, "Wait a minute. I've always been like this." And so you can create five influencers, not even characters, a person. A guy with a red-headed afro who's funny, who grew up in Nevada and skateboarded and like literally create it and start posting and you own that intellectual property. You can say it's weird. Oh, that's weird. Or you could say it's not weird. And you could lit literally somebody in this room in seven years might make $500,000 a year in brand deals of a character they created that posts on social media. Not even them.

So for all the people that could be in front of the camera, they made a lot of money in this era, right? But for some of you that didn't want to do that, but you're creative, you might create the person that's in front of the camera and so you're the creative director behind the person. I don't think that's bad or good. I don't It just is. And it always starts, you know, usually in the porn industry like right now the they're unlimited only fan girls that are fake. I know a 14-year-old or 16 year old kid in Pakistan just cooking making unbelie makes in a year with creating fake only fan models [laughter] life. How do I &gt;&gt; How do I know if she's real or not? &gt;&gt; You know, the question becomes longterm, you're not going to know.

&gt;&gt; Long term, it's the Megan Fox Netflix movie that you watched. &gt;&gt; Even more extreme. Long term. Shortterm, sometimes you know, sometimes you don't know. Like literally, I believe this time next year, you won't know. &gt;&gt; You won't know. That's how advanced the technology is. &gt;&gt; That's crazy.

I just want to remind people who are scared about this stuff. Let me just play role play with you. Could you imagine this is Earth right now? We're living and somebody runs in and says, "Hey, crazy news. Somebody just invented a gun." We're like, "What's a gun?" Like, there's this thing. And you press this click and it shoots a thing and it goes right. And we're all sitting here with our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] swords. [laughter] This happened, by the way.

&gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; We're chilling in here like, "All right, what are we going to do with our swords?" Dude runs in like Paul River and is like, "Yo, there's a gun now." I would have been cra I would have been like, "Everyone's going to be dead in a year." But we weren't, right? I just need everyone. All of a sudden, it was like AI is going to this is it. It's over. Everyone's going to lose their job and it's I'm like, "Guys, it's not over." And definitely for the smartest and the most creative and the most strategic, this is going to be Nirvana. And I ask all of you, should the smartest and most creative win? I feel like this group really likes merit and capitalism, right? Democracy.

&gt;&gt; True. So you better shut your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mouth [laughter] when somebody comes along and builds something in AI that blasts you out. I better not hear you cry. Cuz if you cry, that's socialism. [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's really true. I have some of my most hardcore like red as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] friends who are like, "This AI thing's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up." I'm like, "You're a bitch." [laughter] By the way, I'm going to say something profound. How many people here saw Star Wars a little bit? Just raise your hand if you know Star Wars.

Actually, watch the first Star Wars. Star Wars one, the 70s one, not episode one, the Jar Jar [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The first one. Raise your hand if you've seen the first Star Wars. I need hope. &gt;&gt; I will tell you four. Exactly. I will tell you. &gt;&gt; That's right, sir.

That's exactly right. I will tell you this is really deep. I'm just I I don't know if I've ever shared this. I don't know why, but even as a child, Obi-Wan getting killed by Darth Vader felt weird to me in like a good way. This is getting super weird. Just stick with me. [laughter] I don't like when people have an ideology but then change their opinion on it when they get hurt. &gt;&gt; If AI puts me out, I'm going to be happy.

I'm going to be Obi-Wan. I was an old Jedi and it was time for me to get killed. If you believe in the game, if you believe in the principles of capitalism and democracy and the merit and no eighth place trophies, you have to be prepared to die. You can't cry about the new thing cuz it's going to screw you up or you're tired. And so I'm ready for it. I'm ready to fight. It doesn't matter that I've been good and right for 30 years, but I'm not going to cry about AI because I'm a real one. And I think you should all stop being scared of it and crying.

I think you should understand how to use it. You're not going to be put out of business by AI. You're going to be put out of business by someone who uses AI better than you. &gt;&gt; So true. The architect, &gt;&gt; it's a weapon. &gt;&gt; Let's talk about the AI tools. Let's talk about the chat GBTs. Gemini, Perplexity, Claude.

[clears throat] I hear you talk about ChatGBT a bunch. Do you test the others? &gt;&gt; All of them. &gt;&gt; And what do you when you're testing them, what are you looking for on that to see &gt;&gt; the results? &gt;&gt; The results. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; The results. How good is the information I got on the other side from my opinion? Uh, if you want to test it for AIS, test it with things you really know.

I really know the New York Jets. I really I really know a lot about wine. I grew up in that business, you know. I I know a lot about marketing. Make sure you test with things you know because that that will be how you can quickly get a feel. Go to your, you know, real interest or knowledge bases on your testing. But just testing the results. But my long-term view on this is a little nerdy.

I don't know if anybody here grew up in big data, but big data seemed like a big competitive advantage 10 years ago. Then everybody realized, well, all the other big companies have it, too, and it's actually a commodity. I actually think the LLMs that everyone's trying to figure out right now, which who's going to have it better? I don't think this is a Google search game where there's a winner takes all. I think there's going to be commoditized Apple and Microsoft and like Google and Facebook and Chinese companies. Like, I think there's going to be a lot of strong LLMs and I think it actually gets commoditized over the next decade. In the short term, there's a lot of value in it, but I think AI is going to, especially with AI startups, there's going to be a lot of lost money because it's similar to web one, web two, the crypto booms, like people get very caught up, but then a lot of things get commoditized. So, as builders in AI and as investors in AI, just got to be very thoughtful.

Like, don't get seduced by the moment where you feel like you got it. Everybody's going to have it. And then what happens and you got to be very strategic which is why I think brand is going to matter quite a bit in an AI world reputation. So I want people to build their personal brand. I think those things are going to matter. &gt;&gt; How often do you test them? We we're big in our office. We push our people to use AI every day.

Do you test Gemini? Do you test it weekly? Daily? &gt;&gt; Yes. like you know sometimes I'm busy and like I won't test something new but it's I mean on the flight here me and my brother looked at six different new things that it's also coming out every day like you don't have to test I don't have to test the big ones that often right like once you test perplexity or Gemini or you know you know open AAI and you know chat GPT like you I'm testing the derivatives these small startups that are building apps trying to figure out who's moving fast but the speed in which you can close the gap on a startup. When I invested in Twitter in 20067, excuse me, I was like, "Okay, it'll take somebody a year and a half to build a competitive product to this. We have some great AI companies here. I know it's not lost in them.

They're too smart that like that app can be replicated pretty quickly." And I think so that's why I think brand and other things are going to be the moat, not the technology. You build an awesome app, if someone's looking to compete with you, they can look at it and pretty much replicate it for nothing because co-piloting is here. We all told every kid to be a coder, unless you're one of the best coders in the world, the rest of the market is getting commoditized. Being an average coder is now the worst job to have. You better be an electrician. Yeah, electricians are about to cook. [laughter] It's true. Electricians are about to do super well.

the amount of electricians we need to stand up the infrastructure for AI and electricity. Like literally, if you have like a if you have a bozo kid in school right now and he's like 15, you're like, "What are we going to do with him? Make him an electrician." If he's great with or she's great with their hands, I'm not kidding. It is the numbers are staggering on conservative estimates. And that's just amazing, isn't it? How crazy the world works. Who would especially with the way world's bid, who could have ever thought that electricians were going to be the heavy six-f figureure compensated? And I love that, right?

We had the rise of white collar. I think we're about to have the amazing rise of bluecollar because of the infrastructures. And I think that's awesome. Like, and then someone's going to cry about it. But Gary, I went to Yale and I made I have so much debt and now my bozo buddy who just drank beers and did keg stands makes 500k being an electrician. I can't get a job. I'm like, that's the game. You should have been born 30 years ago.

You know, just the way it works. Just the way it works. It's our job to adjust to the reality of what's happening versus having an ideology of how it should be that benefits us. And that is the breakthrough, right? I appreciate that, Kell. That is the line. Our job as parents, as humans, as American citizens, as entrepreneurs, as bosses, as leaders, is to adjust to what's actually happening versus wanting it to be a certain way on an ideology that has self-interest to us. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; That's good.

&gt;&gt; I think so. That's I think that's the mindset of a true [gasps] leader, entrepreneur, winner, man. You know, and there's some real stuff coming, brother. &gt;&gt; It's changing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like, I'll give you an example. I love hard work more than anything. I can clearly see two, three day work weeks in an AI world in 20 years.

I'm not going to cry about that. Like, I got 3,500 employees in my marketing company. It's like you try to get someone to come to the office 5 days a week. It's like I'm more likely going to win the lottery. I don't cry about that. It just is. I can adjust to it. I can hire people who do want to do that.

And then the people that don't want to do that are like, "Well, I didn't get the job cuz I didn't you didn't want to." &gt;&gt; Like it just that's the game, you know? &gt;&gt; We've said that in our office. I I stuck with four day work weeks, not two to three. &gt;&gt; That's 20% off the norm. And people are complaining about that. And they're allowed, by the way, they're allowed. I I have I I I'm on both sides of this. I have a bunch of, you know, CEOs and owners and entrepreneurs like these kids don't want to work five days a week.

I'm like, why would they want to work for you for $70,000 a year for five days a week when they can make 80 grand on Tik Tok brand deals by dancing in their living room? There's no crying in baseball, my man. &gt;&gt; How about the AI tools that are more specific to social media? The ones that can &gt;&gt; They're all going to be in the platforms. There's not a single tool. cap cut s all all of this is going to be by default in the platform it's already happening you can already use these tools on your Instagram stories you know take out the people in the background or put yourself in a new setting everything will be default on the platform for free &gt;&gt; you'll be the way you post inside of Facebook or Instagram or Tik Tok will just be there it will be default tool that's why I don't invest or talk about outside tools it's all going to be there it's there now &gt;&gt; are you using any outside tools right now? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Sora 2, I guess.

But Sora 2 is going to be a Tik Tok in itself. It's just it's going to be Tik Tok where all of it is AI &gt;&gt; and we'll see if that works or not. Whether they win or somebody else builds the platform like that. I can see a social network where every single piece of content is AI seems natural to me. &gt;&gt; Feel what's going &gt;&gt; a small to mediumsiz business. Let's go small. &gt;&gt; Good. How what do you feel their digital marketing team looks like right now?

&gt;&gt; Sizewise, &gt;&gt; a small company, they themselves, the owner does it. &gt;&gt; Let's say a company doing 50 million. &gt;&gt; 5-0 &gt;&gt; 5-0. &gt;&gt; How much do they spend on marketing? &gt;&gt; Uh 8 n%. Gross. &gt;&gt; I think they need four to seven full-time employees. &gt;&gt; Videographers.

&gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Content, right? I mean content. &gt;&gt; I think a shredditor, somebody who shoots and edits like Train does for me. Like a shredditor, somebody who shoots and edits. I think a a leader of that department like the throat to choke if they're not doing what you want. Um I think that you need somebody who is doing community management like in the trenches. I think that's a lost art that has a tremendous amount of value.

Um and then the ideas person. Sometimes a shredder doesn't have enough ideas, sometimes they do, but an an ideas person, the creative or strategist. &gt;&gt; What are you using to post uh in the distance? Setting it up. Do you set it up for the week, for the month, &gt;&gt; day by day? &gt;&gt; Day by day. It's all anything. We &gt;&gt; day trading attention.

If I literally I would be scared to schedule my next week's social media post because too much can change in a week. You have to understand I believe marketing is the offense of a business. Let's talk sports. Marketing is offense. Marketing is offense. The amount of people here that dismiss it or see it as a cost center or don't put in, you know what the biggest issue for a lot of people is? They don't know how to judge if it's good. And I I really do believe that marketing today is so important for a small and medium-sized business that you kind of have to understand it as the owner at least at the same level you understand finance.

I don't think anybody here has I'll speak for myself. I am not a CFO. My financial literacy like coming into the game was nowhere. I'm I'm still super bored. Veayner 3,500 employees. I'm running a $350 million a year P&amp;L and my CFO comes in. I'm like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's, you know, like like I'm still not that, but I know it." You understand?

Like, I'm not in it. I'm not passionate about it. I don't want to talk about like, you know, all the the treasury and the taxes and the bank covenants and that is boring ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for me. But I understand it so that my CFO can't put us out of business. I need all of you to view marketing that way. I don't need you to love it or understand it the way I do, but I need you to understand it enough to know what's going on so that you can judge if you hired some bozos or if they're good or if the agency you work with is good or bad. like you've got I think it is a prerequisite at this point and I think a lot of people are mailing it in which then keeps them a lot of people here are good because of sales or because of financial discipline. They're a good defensive team, right?

They're good at winning games 10 to7. The problem is when you run into a competitor that has a big-time offense, you lose 24 to 10 even though you beat everybody 10 to seven up until that point. Marketing is important. It is the oxygen and the offense of a business and it is starting to gain an importance and I think everyone in this room should understand it a little bit more. &gt;&gt; What do you feel the next Netflix show social dilemma? &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; What's going to be the social dilemma documentary in 5 years that we're going to talk about versus what the current social dilemma was? &gt;&gt; Overcoddling.

We've created zoo animals. Who has a kid over 18 in their lives? Raise your hand. Raise it high because it's awesome. Congrats. Ready? I'm going to tell you the greatest secret. I'm Let me tell you where the secret comes from so you can respect it more.

It's not my opinion. I get probably 10 to 45,000 DMs a day across my 55 million followers across all the channels a day. I years for years have read a shocking amount of them. Now I use AI dump it all in and really get a sentiment. One more time 18 years or older. Let me tell you the greatest insight that I have that blew my mind six years ago because I didn't know it because I didn't know what rich kids were dealing with. If you have an 18-year-old and really it's definitely 22. 18 is still on the hair young side.

I'm going to go 22 years old and older. Raise your hand. 22 and older. Anybody who just raised one more time. High, please. 22 or older kids. Man, some of you look good. If any one of your children that are 22 or older are still getting money from you, you've got a problem.

A dollar. I think the social dilemma documentary of 5 years from now will be understanding that we all overcorrected over the last 30 to 40 years in parenting. You can't be your kid's friend. You can be friendly, but you cannot be your kid's friend. And more importantly, you cannot be your kid's bubble. And let me let me really hurt the feelings of the people that raised their hand and are hearing me and are like, "Eh." Cuz we do. You remember, OG's what it was like back in the day when you when you needed a little help after you were 22, you borrowed money from your parents &gt;&gt; and you paid them back. These little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] aren't interested in that concept.

&gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; But I'm not going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on them. I'm going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on you. Let me tell you the insight that blew my mind. DM after DM, conversation after conversation. When you're a 25year-old man and your parents are giving you money, you're taking it because you want the car or the watch or go out on dates or you want to live in a nicer place. But the insight is they think you think they're a loser. You so don't believe that they can stand on their own two feet. You're paying.

You have no idea what you're doing to their self-esteem. They're telling you to their face, "Thank you, daddy." But behind your back, they're not saying that. I cannot explain how much pain is going on. This is my prediction for what is not being talked about so much right now that will be talked about. Now, this is the most important part. This is not an absolute sentence. Everyone has their own cir then the last thing I'd be interested in is to tell someone how to parent. Everyone knows their own circumstances.

So there's a million variables to the story. But I think it would surprise the room how much pain someone who's taking the money is in because they're not outwardly saying it. That is the insight that I believe is most misunderstood today that in five years will be talked about more. &gt;&gt; One man's point of view. &gt;&gt; Completely agree. You've been talking a lot lately about one piece of content. Me putting out a first post on LinkedIn could get as [clears throat] many views as one of your content pieces that you put out because of AI. AI looking at the video and getting &gt;&gt; because of the algorithm.

&gt;&gt; Because the algorith should excite all of you. If you feel like you could do something, let's say it's not just for business. What about this incredible organization? What about you know these algorithm? You know, this social media marketing is not just for making money. One of the reasons I like the craft is its communication. Maybe you want someone to win an election next year at this time. Maybe you want more people to know about this incredible organization.

Maybe you want to support your neighbor because their house burnt down and you're trying to raise some funds to get them back on their feet. The nobleness that communication from humans is, that's incredible. I need everybody to hear this. I've worked very hard for 20 years to amass my following base. Literally, if you've never posted once on social, tomorrow, you could post a video and it could get more views than my post that day. We are in the greatest era. We are actually no longer in social media. We are now in interest media.

I'm sure all of you know this who consume content on Tik Tok or Instagram. You're not getting content from the people you followed nine years ago. You're getting content of the thing that you're currently into. fishing, politics, sports, like whatever you're currently into. Um, and so yeah, I think this is incredible merit. Kind of stinks for some of us OGs that built up big followings, but actually back to what I said earlier about being Obi-Wan, I cried zero about that. I'm actually excited for all of you. I'm excited that if you make something of value or something that hits funny, silly, attractive, informational, I love that you guys and gals can literally start your journey today.

That's profound levels of merit. Nobody in Hollywood deciding you're good enough. Nobody in the local media deciding your story is worth it. You have the ability to literally reach the entire world. That is bananas, my friend. Does that differ between videos and just regular posts with still images? Is one better? Obviously, &gt;&gt; there's no better.

It es and flows and it changes every day. Hence why I called the book Day Trading Attention. It changes all the time. Sometimes a photo does better. Sometimes written copy only. Sometimes a photo with long copy, sometimes a short video, sometimes a long video. It es and flows. But the one common thread is that people were genuinely interested in it.

You know, and again, we can't judge people's interests. I think we all know that like being attractive is something some people will be interested in. Being funny, being informational, being vulnerable, being a good storyteller. There's a lot of ways to go about doing it. &gt;&gt; That's exciting. &gt;&gt; I will say this, and maybe this will also liberate some people of maybe some anxieties, concerns they have. The algorithm doesn't change you or isn't coming at you. The algorithm is is exposing who you are.

This whole like people get caught up in these conspiracy theories of like uh China's pushing this. I remember the one about a year ago, Tik Tok and China is pushing engineering and math and brilliance and here like just like brain rot and garbage and that's how they're getting us. And I'm like that's not happening. And people believe this stuff and I'll like if you all opened your Instagram or Tik Tok and I got to like take it and look at it for five minutes, I would have tremendous insight into what you're at, where you're at, what you're into. Some of you definitely don't want me to do that. [laughter] But I'll tell you, this is very important to me. I want you to hear this. If you feel any times like if you feel like you're on your phone too much and you don't feel good after it's probably because you're consuming too much politics and I will tell you you can change that literally how many people here don't love their algo right now just raise your hands let's be a little vulnerable and honest raise your hands like you don't love it good six seven of you fair enough [clears throat] I will tell you you could you this is unbelievable for the six or seven of you that were honest which means about 15 or 20 in the room you can literally go to Instagram or Tik Tok right now and go to search and literally search happiness.

Enter and like three or four posts. Kittens, enter three to four posts. Think about things you're into. Cooking, skiing, the Utah Jazz. I don't know what gets you excited. Hit enter. Like four or five posts, close your phone. You will be stunned what your algorithm looks like tomorrow.

And so we are in control. The world has done a really good job in tricking us and scaring us into thinking that we're not. We are 100% in control. And so I highly recommend you play with that. I think you'll find it interesting. It really is stunning. And by the way, we change. I'm sure everyone here goes through es and flows of like you get into the news, you get a little bit deeper and you're like you get out of it after a cycle, there's other things, your interests change.

But you're literally going to search on your social networks and type in some words, like four or five posts from those words, do 12 minutes of work, your algo changes forever. &gt;&gt; It's true. I cleaned mine up for this [laughter] boats to Milwaukee tools to Gary Vee. No, it is so true on that. So, it's &gt;&gt; it's profound. I mean, we have become unbelievably good at this. &gt;&gt; It's Tik Tok's fault. It's Mark Zuckerberg's fault.

It's Facebook's fault. It's Trump's fault. Biden, Mandani, America, Russia. We have lost our way with thumbs. It's &gt;&gt; good. &gt;&gt; It's your fault. I am super happy in life because I think everything is my fault. And that's not beating yourself up.

That's understanding the power of accountability and that you can change. Nothing scares me. &gt;&gt; I live in New York City. We have a new mayor. Some of my friends are like, "This [clears throat] is it. It's over." I literally today, seven or eight of them on the flight out here. I'm like, "Move. Utah's awesome.

I'm going there right now. Salt Lake crushes. move. Like I don't know what to tell you. You are fundamentally in control of everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And these politicians have done a good job on both sides saying this is what's scary and you can't do anything about it, but I can help you. And I spend my life making content saying nothing's scary.

Here's how you get happy and make money and I can't help you, but you can help you. &gt;&gt; And that is what I believe. &gt;&gt; [applause] [applause] &gt;&gt; accountability. &gt;&gt; It's just works. It's true. You could be in a very toxic relationship. I get that you're insecure. I'm I'm aware that you became insecure because one of your parents or both your parents put you into that place or circumstance or something left field, but people who've been insecure have done the work.

Whether it's therapy, whether it's changing what they read and consume, whether it's changing who they hang out with, there have people that have come out of much tougher circumstances that have achieved. Look at some of the variables that the people in this room have dealt with. And we just I I just think we're capable. I just, let me phrase, I know humans are capable, but it takes accountability because the blame game has really put people into a rut. And so many of these kids are blaming mommy and daddy for everything. And that's not going to work. I mean, and as if there wasn't enough things to divide us, gender, race, politics, nations, now we're into this new generational warfare. These Gen Z kids are getting unlimited content in their feeds.

the boomers [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up for you. I mean, as if there wasn't enough things to be mad at each other for, we found a new thing. Like, when I grew up, I Who's in Gen X? Like, like remember when we were growing up? Like, we I didn't I never even heard of any of the generations, you know? Like, who knew what gener I didn't even know that was a thing. So, I just think the world continues to find things to divide us, to make you mad at someone. Like there's some 26-year-old walking down the street today like yelling at some poor 80-year-old woman being like, "You boomer ruined it for me.

[laughter] She's just buying pasta at the store." Like, "Leave her alone." &gt;&gt; That was New Jersey, right? &gt;&gt; Yes. [laughter] Jerseyy's a little interesting. &gt;&gt; Jason's phone. &gt;&gt; I saw You don't want to mess with him. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's his face. Did you see his face? &gt;&gt; I was like, "Bro, get us off [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [laughter] stage." &gt;&gt; I can sit up here all night.

Me too, brother. &gt;&gt; One last question. Who wants to sit up here tonight to do to support Warrior Rising, get their mission out there? &gt;&gt; What What should we all do right now as far as to post? How would you do it? What would you say to to grow? &gt;&gt; I would tell everybody to take a photo if you're not interested in being front of camera. But I would tell this crowd, you should definitely be front of camera cuz this is one of the more attractive crowds I've been in front of for a long time.

But if you're not comfortable with that, just take a photo of the of something here and write several nice sentences and post it. It's you never know who's on the other side. Again, this was one of the most important things I said tonight. We're not in social media anymore. If you have 19 followers, you might get 5,000 views on YouTube shorts or on LinkedIn or on Facebook for this post. That is profound merit. So, I would say, by the way, I'm going to remind you, it's free. Do you know how crazy it is that you can post on these platforms for free and reach millions of people?

Do you know how advertising has worked up until this point? If you want a newspaper ad in this in the biggest newspaper in this town, you don't just get it for free. If you wanted to be on TV or [laughter] radio or send a direct mail flyer or buy Google AdWords, it wasn't free, friends. This is free. I love when people are like, "Huh, I'm shadowbanned or I hate Instagram. I'm not getting views." I'm like, "Motherfucker, it's free. [laughter] It's free. It's free." &gt;&gt; Do Do we tag you in this?

How do you How do you &gt;&gt; get more views? I think that you use that. Let's uh let's make up a hashtag. What What hashtag would you like to use? &gt;&gt; We are Warrior Rising. &gt;&gt; Great. For everybody that posts that, I will look for that hashtag tomorrow morning and I'll reshare a bunch of them to give a ton more awareness to the organization. [applause] &gt;&gt; And more importantly, you've already accomplished what you tried to do there.

I filmed this whole thing. I'm going to put this on YouTube. I'm going to have clips from it. Like, this is important. First of all, this organization is incredible. Congratulations to you, sir. Let's clap that up. [applause] [applause] &gt;&gt; Quick question.

&gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Jersey boy 60s and 70s. &gt;&gt; Where in Jersey? &gt;&gt; Flemington. In the &gt;&gt; Oh my god, I know it. Well, I used to do baseball card shows in the Flemington Mall in the circle. I went to North Hunter in high school. Okay, go ahead.

Yes, I know you're better at sports. I'm still pissed. &gt;&gt; 70s, we had season tickets to the New York Jets. Amazing. &gt;&gt; Watch you name it. Watch. &gt;&gt; Amazing. I'm jealous.

&gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; So, how are we, you and I, we going to solve it yet? &gt;&gt; Oh, brother. [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's been the bane of my existence, sir. &gt;&gt; The last 48 hours. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. The last My brother is Sauce Gardener's agent. We have a big sports agency we own.

So, it's been He was We were in a meeting. He got a phone call. Luckily, I looked down at the phone and could see it was not like my mom or sister because the his face, he went white. Like, thank God I glimpsed quickly at the phone and didn't recognize the number cuz I would have been scared that something horrible happened to my family. He literally went white. I'm like, "You okay?" He's like, he's like he's like he's like like it was it was wild. It's been a wild couple of days and it's been a very I mean I've literally watched every snap of a New York Jets game since 1982. all of them.

I am a as dieh hard as it gets. I have two children and a very successful life. And the greatest day of my life is when the Jets beat the Patriots in the playoffs [laughter] in 200 and it's not even close. So, I am die hard. So, you know, I uh I'm for real about this. I'm working on it, my man. But it's a pleasure to meet you. Really.

Anyway, sir, really thank you for you know Oh, &gt;&gt; I think uh &gt;&gt; you know it's uh &gt;&gt; it's humans like you my man that create organiz I you know I'm happy I'm I'm going to end with this. I'm happy that I feel like American society is starting to turn back to understanding the value of people that serve in many ways, not just the military or even not even just police or firemen and women, but just serve like like do you know who I admire? I don't admire me or Steve Jobs or Elon. I admire every human that in three weeks is going to wake up at 6:00 in the morning and go to a shelter and serve people on Thanksgiving. That's who I admire. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? [applause] I love this business stuff. I like to build businesses.

I like being a capitalist. I think money is more than fine because I think it's an accelerator of who you are. And if you're good, you can do so much good. I don't begrudge that. That should be an ambition. That's amazing. But I but I'm excited. I feel like there's a turn and we're starting to get fatigued of materialism.

We're getting fatigued of keeping up with the Joneses. You don't need to see any more pictures in your social media of somebody's million-dollar watch or private jet or Lamborghini. I think we're starting to get to, you know, the society swings. Friends, I just am sensing, and this is what I do for a living. sensing that, you know, somebody who smiles at you at the airport that's a stranger is going to start getting their flowers a little bit more, right? Being a human, opening the door for someone, getting up for an elderly lady when you're at the airport. I'm starting to see people recognize that a little more. feel like 1950s sensibility has a chance.

Believe it or not, in all this technology and all the things that we say that everything sucks and these kids, I'm telling you, if you This is so fun for me to say on the way out. I'm telling you, these things are starting to grow and I think that will be tremendously good for this organization and definitely all the people that were in this place tonight. And so I commend you. I thank you. I honor you and I'm very grateful for being here. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; [applause]
