# xCDIaRPMexs

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCDIaRPMexs

---

Number three, biggest trend of 2026 that no one sees, the underpriced attention, the monetization of random content. Let me explain. This is a weird one. I'm excited about this. I think this is going to be the breakthrough for some people. When I wrote Crush It in 2009 or 2008, came out in 09, it was like you can cash in on your passion. So if you're a hardcore Star Trek collector, if you really go crazy for two years on your blog at the time and on Twitter and Facebook and YouTube at the time, eventually you'll get to a place where you can get t-shirts sold, sponsorship, you can go speak at Star Track Con and all that stuff. What I'm saying here is very different.

This is about where we are now in overall marketing and overall communication, which is we're now in the interest graph, not the social graph. We're now in a place where I, Gary, could tomorrow make my first ever piece of content around surfing ever. And even though all my followers do not follow me for surfing, the way the AI algorithms now work is when I post about surfing and why surfboards are good and why you should buy a surfboard for me or why this is a good surfboard or surf chalk or whatever the hell I learn about surfboards, that content is going to reach people that are in a high propensity interest of surfboards. Why is this important? I believe for everybody who's watching right now, if they started posting content of everything that they are interested in, everything, not passion, but passions, posted everything that's random to them. I just took up checkers and the first video is them learning how to play checkers. So, not only their passions, but their curiosities. The rise of curiosity content.

You're curious, you're exploring, you're on training wheels, but you're learning. My brother AJ does not know how to ride a bike. I probably said that because I think it's funny, but if he started making content as a 39year-old man about his journey on learning to ride a bike, here is my belief of the world we now live in. For many of you, these random pieces of social content become the first indicator to a massive financial and happiness opportunity. The monetization of random content. You post something funny about sunflower seeds cuz you spit one out on your friend and you're like, "That's funny. Let's make another one." and you find yourself six months later getting $5,000 from a sunflower seed brand to do content. It's about a very simple concept, which is why not?

Why not post something random all the time that you're genuinely interested in? You're not watching this video and you're just going random for the sake of random because you believe I'm right. Though honestly, that's probably not a bad idea either. But obviously, if it's grounded in truth and authenticity, it's going to work better. When all of you start putting out more random content, when that post gets 3 million views, it opens up the opportunity for you to build on
